[
  "%HESITATION medical status patient was seen and examined on rounds ",
  "she is making slow but steady progress in all therapeutic areas she is tolerating physical therapy occupational therapy and speech therapy review of systems she complains of tremors and weakness %HESITATION she voices no other new complaints remainder of the fourteen point review of system is essentially negative on exam ",
  "%HESITATION pleasant female in no acute distress vital signs are stable blood pressure is ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "one thirty two or sixty seven temperature ninety eight point two heart rate eighty to HEENT extraocular motions intact makers membranes moist without lesions neck supple without lymphadenopathy lungs ",
  "clear to auscultation without rhonchi crepitus or wheezing heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs or extra sounds abdomen soft nontender no organomegaly P. E. G. site is clean without erythema or nor drainage extremities with trace edema in lower extremities spine without paraspinal muscle tenderness neurologic severe resting tremor noted Cogwheeling noted on range of motion of the upper extremities decreased sensation in stocking distribution labs ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "sodium one forty four potassium three point four chloride one oh seven CO two twenty five glucose ninety eight B. one %HESITATION thirty four creatinine zero point six ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "glucose ninety eight ",
  "%HESITATION WBC ",
  "%HESITATION six point zero hemoglobin of twelve point five hematocrit thirty six point nine assessment Parkinson's disease with exacerbation and decline in functional status managed with cure %HESITATION %HESITATION sentiment seventy five three hundred four times daily ",
  "%HESITATION we've increases to five times daily ",
  "all from the %HESITATION neurology ",
  "H. from number two hypertension managed with multi drug regimen number three diabetes mellitus type two with neurologic manifestations number four diabetic neuropathy managed with around number five hyperlipidemia managed with that number six history cerebral vascular action with late effects of dysphagia number seven dysphagia status post P. E. G. tube placement managed with a ground diet and nectar thick liquids with P. E. G. tube supplementations number eight depression and anxiety disorder managed with Lexapro and anxiolytics as needed plan is for face will benefit from continued inpatient rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living and speech therapy for %HESITATION cognitive and swallow it rehabilitation ",
  "thank you very much "
]