[
  "history is as follows patient is a sixty six year old female who is well known to our service from an inpatient ",
  "for ",
  "Intel ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "pain %HESITATION she originally ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "woke up in the morning with %HESITATION nausea and vomiting and left sided weakness %HESITATION she was %HESITATION she had tried to get out of bed but was unable to she was ended up on the floor for greater than twenty four hours she was seen by %HESITATION EMS and brought to the hospital MRI revealed an acute versus subacute for infarct in the left posterior inferior cerebellar artery ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "%HESITATION she was not a candidate for TPA ",
  "%HESITATION she was stable isn't ",
  "view ",
  "during her rehab hospitalization she underwent physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living speech therapy for cognitive and language rehabilitation she has now been stabilized and is being discharged to %HESITATION she's been ",
  "subacute rehabilitation past medical history significant for diabetes mellitus type two with neurologic manifestation diabetic neuropathy leukemoid reaction nicotine ",
  "or tobacco addiction and hyperlipidemia ",
  "past surgical history none social history he lives she lives in an apartment ",
  "%HESITATION a birth alone ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "I am unsure who her family doctor is ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "allergies ",
  "no known drug allergies medications on admission ",
  "include ",
  "%HESITATION aspirin eighty one milligrams Q. day ",
  "on eighteen zero point one milligrams Q. day ",
  "Benadryl Q. six hours as needed for itching Flonase nasal spray two sprays each nostril Q. day ",
  "%HESITATION and your soul suppositories as needed twice daily ",
  "leave Amer insulin seventy units Q. H. S. sliding scale NovoLog ",
  "acid office probiotic capsule twice daily lisinopril five milligrams Q. day Claritin ten milligrams Q. day ",
  "%HESITATION melatonin six milligrams Q. H. S. metoprolol twenty five milligrams B. I. D. nitroglycerin zero point four milligrams is needed for chest pain Sudafed sixty milligrams Q. four hours as needed Zocor twenty milligrams Q. H. us ",
  "review of systems ",
  "she complains of left sided weakness and difficulty to swallow she denies any nausea vomiting diarrhea constipation wheezing shortness of breath cough chest pain abdominal pain back pain neck pain headaches dizziness fevers or chills she denies any dysuria the remainder of the fourteen point review of system is essentially negative ",
  "on exam ",
  "%HESITATION on exam ",
  "overweight female in no acute distress vital signs are stable blood pressure is ",
  "%HESITATION one twenty eight over seventy three temperature ninety eight point two heart rate ninety nine HEENT extraocular motions intact because membranes moist without lesions lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi crepitus or wheezing heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs or extra sounds abdomen protruberant soft nontender no organomegaly extremities with trace edema ",
  "in the lower extremities spine without paraspinal tenderness neurologic mild left hemiparesis noted with ataxia decreased fine motor control noted in the left hand decreased sensation in a stocking distribution is noted ",
  "labs ",
  "sodium one forty potassium four point two chloride one oh two CO two twenty nine glucose one fifty sixty one eleven creatinine zero point eight %HESITATION WBC ",
  "thirteen point eight hemoglobin fourteen point three hematocrit forty two point four ",
  "functional status is as follows ",
  "left posterior and inferior seller cerebellar ",
  "%HESITATION this ",
  "cerebral vascular accident number two mild or left sided dysmetria with decreased fine motor control number three mild left hemiparesis number four diabetes mellitus type two with neurologic manifestation five diabetic neuropathy managed without neuropathic medication number six hyperlipidemia managed with diet and Zocor number seven morbid obesity BMI or obesity mild obesity BMI is twenty six kilograms per meter squared benefits of weight loss discussed with the patient dietitian is following with it number eight dysphagia managed with puree diet and nectar thick liquids followed by speech therapy ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "%HESITATION impaired mobility ambulating fifteen feet with minimal to moderate assist with a rolling Walker ",
  "anticipation will benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities ",
  "the thank you "
]