[
  "%HESITATION this is ",
  "he dictating good ",
  "next date of dictation ",
  "fifteen chief complaint nausea and vomiting history of present incumbent is is a forty year old female patient with history of diabetes type one ",
  "came to the hospital because of nausea vomiting dizziness high blood sugar %HESITATION and %HESITATION blood pressure blood sugar was four hundred and sixty five patients receive fifteen units off and she dean how if %HESITATION had a blood pressure she said was one forty six or one eighty eight %HESITATION the she got to the %HESITATION public she felt palpitation that is why she came to the hospital in the ER her blood pressure was normal %HESITATION laboratory data showed some signs of infection in the urine normal white blood cells and hemoglobin mean and ",
  "platelets app potassium was also normal bicarbonate to twenty fifty %HESITATION the sodium with fury to %HESITATION the renal function test was normal her blood sugar was four hundred eighty two she was dehydrated and then urine ketone was positive and also blood %HESITATION beta hydroxybutyrate was also positive more than two and in the ER patient received normal saline at two elite %HESITATION was %HESITATION zero four on %HESITATION distracted on in Sydney today by she received one dose of Rocephin on the patient will be admitted to ICU for treatment off %HESITATION D. K. as well the patient in the ER she is awake and they are %HESITATION and then the %HESITATION she denies chest pain palpitation headache diarrhea fever or chills she said she has some polyuria and she feels thirsty ",
  "%HESITATION past medical history diabetes type one past surgical history gallbladder surgery family history positive for diabetes because of C. D. ",
  "social history she drinks alcohol more frequently denied smoking using illegal drugs allergy NKDA you review of systems for point of use system was negative except mentioned above vital signs within normal limits physical examination head atraumatic Nikos open notice within the platinum coated Davies if not the replacement been off mouth is moist %HESITATION do draw %HESITATION sorry is dry and pink cardiovascular system S. one S. two note of no gun to a chance to clear bilaterally No wheeze no crackle no rhonchi abdomen soft nontender no organomegaly bastante positive noted you fifty extremity no swelling and tenderness in your joints and muscles skin no maculopapular rash or excoriation neurological system patient is awake and alert times you three creatinine is separately in starts incision in stock muscles power five I would %HESITATION five assessment on to plan this is a forty year ",
  "your story female patient with history of diabetes admitted for treatment of DKA plan DKA a patient will be admitted to ICU CDC through the third off normal saline will continue normal saline three hundred %HESITATION %HESITATION period our status %HESITATION or is seen for each one unit the %HESITATION cagey which is %HESITATION called almost to eight units here %HESITATION on ",
  "and also on that will give had %HESITATION %HESITATION potassium %HESITATION %HESITATION therapy media Corbin is for each liter will go to check ketone in the urine beta hydroxybutyrate in the blood and BMP every three hours fingerstick every one hour ",
  "and I put the order if the blood sugar is dropping less than two hundred fifty will go to change the IV fluid to D. five half normal saline and would decrease the doors off and CD and tool for me in the %HESITATION to four units and we will continue also using potassium ions once that the and a on Cabot close which is sixty now on %HESITATION ",
  "sorry and %HESITATION ",
  "ketone disappear then we will go to discontinue %HESITATION in city and and treated DVT prophylaxis heparin five thousand units B. I. D. J. a prophylaxis pepcid twenty milligrams B. I. D. thank you "
]