[
  "%HESITATION medical status patient was seen and examined on ",
  "rounds in the patient's room he has had a P. E. G. tube placed since last visit secondary to dysfunction ",
  "he %HESITATION %HESITATION continues to make slow but steady progress in all therapeutic areas ",
  "review of systems ",
  "%HESITATION he complains of weakness ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "and difficulty with swallowing ",
  "he voices no other new complaints remainder of the fourteen point review of system is essentially negative ",
  "on exam ",
  "contested pairing male in no acute distress vital signs are stable blood pressure is ",
  "one fifteen or fifty nine temperature ninety eight point four heart rate ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "eighty eight HEENT extraocular motions intact mucous membranes moist without lesions neck supple without lymphadenopathy lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi crepitus or wheezing heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs or extra sounds nor extra strong %HESITATION sounds abdomen soft nontender no organomegaly extremities one plus edema in lower extremity with venous spaces changes notice fine without paraspinal muscle tenderness noted neurologic alert and cooperative moves all extremities he is somewhat disoriented ",
  "%HESITATION labs ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "sodium one forty one potassium four point nine chloride one oh five CO two twenty four ",
  "CO two twenty eight glucose one forty eight P. you and sixty creatinine one point six seven ",
  "No other new labs noted prior labs reviewed ",
  "assessment number one ",
  "traumatic brain injury with loss of consciousness for less than thirty minutes number two post concussive syndrome speech therapy following for cognitive and language therapy number three diabetes mellitus type two with neurologic manifestation ",
  "following with this number four diabetic neuropathy managed without neuropathic medication number five hypertension ",
  "%HESITATION Lasix has not been held ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "oral put hypertension managed with multi drug regimen number six cachexia with failure to thrive P. E. G. tube is in place number seven asthmatic bronchitis managed with inhaled steroids and bronchodilators number eight impaired cognition %HESITATION ",
  "speech therapy following for cognitive rehabilitation number nine ",
  "acute renal insufficiency creatinine is one point six seven patient is followed by the renal service number ten ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "hypercalcemia now resolved number eight ",
  "it's five Shia are number next to font dysfunction status post P. E. G. tube placement speech therapy is following for swallow therapy plan so patient will benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily ",
  "he thank you very much "
]