[
  "identifying data the patient is a seventy nine year old widowed white male who is currently admitted on long term care ",
  "skilled nursing floor chief complaint ",
  "I have been here since ",
  "HPI the history was obtained from the patient ",
  "staff and available records and it was considered ",
  "we've liable ",
  "put mostly reliable put patient does have a significant history of dementia currently informs this writer that he found in the hospital sends a ",
  "records do indicate patient was admitted on yes patient was living at home in the community he was brought to the ER by emergency medical staff after had been called to his home several times throughout the week to assist patient off the toilet patient does admit that he did come to the hospital because he was having a hard time walking ",
  "patient was evaluated on the medical floor observed ultimately being transferred to the skilled nursing floor today patient does have a history of depression ",
  "currently on a regimen of Celexa ",
  "contrasted %HESITATION ",
  "nursing staff reports that patient is not been getting agitated he's been cooperative with staff and his treatment here ",
  "it is unclear how long he's been utilizing ",
  "psychiatric medications it is reported that he is eating and sleeping okay ",
  "patient's long term memory ",
  "appears to be fair however his long term his short term memory appears to be impaired ",
  "records do indicate he has a significant history of dementia and Parkinson's ",
  "patient will continue with his current medication regimen ",
  "at this time ",
  "lethality assessment there is no current indication of suicidal or homicidal ideation intent or plan access to weapons patient currently has no access to weapons current medications Celexa forty milligrams P. O. Q. day ",
  "transit on twenty five milligrams PO Q. H. S. medication compliance is reported no ill effect is reported other medications carbidopa slash let the dopa twenty five slash a hundred P. O. TID ",
  "multivitamin P. O. Q. day vitamin D. four hundred P. O. Q. day lisinopril slash hydrochlorothiazide ",
  "twenty five twelve point five milligrams P. O. Q. day tramadol fifty milligrams PO every six hours PRN pain herbals none allergies no known drug allergies past psychiatric history patient's previous past psychiatric history is and a known ",
  "per patient's report however ",
  "nursing staff reports that patient had a history of suicidal ideation a couple of weeks ago No attempts are reported it appears patient has been receiving trazodone and Celexa from his PCP ",
  "alcohol substance there is no current indication of alcohol or illicit substance use verbal physical or sexual abuse there is no predication verbal physical or sexual abuse strength patient appears to have a son who is supportive and is currently a long term care unit with services available weakness ",
  "comorbid medical issues including ambulatory dysfunction ",
  "medical history the patient has the following comorbid medical history ",
  "dehydration ambulatory dysfunction Parkinson's just order ",
  "hypertension hyperlipidemia Baker cyst left knee ",
  "psychosocial occupational history patient reports that he Ball was born and raised in the ",
  "area he's been living in the community ",
  "by himself he is widowed he has one son he is retired he used to drill for the oil fields ",
  "it is reported he did have ",
  "some services in the home to assist him ",
  "mental status patient appears up to his stated age is grooming and hygiene is appropriate casually dressed in a hospital gown eye contact is fair is cooperative with interview his movements ",
  "are restless at times tremors are noted in his mouth and upper extremities speech is of good rate tone by mood is reported to be okay affect is congruent with mood thoughts are coherent thoughts without current delusions or hallucinations there is no indications of suicidal or homicidal ideation intent or plan he is %HESITATION ",
  "alert oriented to person and place ",
  "remote memory appears to be intact recent memory is impaired unable to recall three objects after five minutes seven knowledge is fair to poor ",
  "unable to ",
  "do serial three ",
  "cognition impaired judgement site ",
  "for DSM primary ",
  "major depressive disorder recurrent mock moderate secondary major neurocognitive disorder probably due to Parkinson's disease recommendations patient should continue his current regimen of Celexa and trazodone ",
  "supportive psychotherapy is provided for patient ",
  "nursing or medical staff should contact this writer or psychiatric services is psychiatric symptoms appear ",
  "and then "
]