[
  "%HESITATION patients ",
  "seen %HESITATION good asking to eat bacon for breakfast ",
  "%HESITATION kidney function has continued to worsen ",
  "the key out these two point four three from two point three one noted nephrology %HESITATION input and recommendation ",
  "period %HESITATION %HESITATION ",
  "patient physical exam ",
  "temperature ",
  "ninety six point seven pulse sixty five respirations twenty blood pressure one ten of the fiftieth in general patient is in no acute distress patient spent thirty west with for this to localize lungs are clear abdomen is soft slightly distended extremities ",
  "no clubbing cyanosis or edema patient is moving all extremities period ",
  "labs white count ",
  "five four point nine hemoglobin nine point six ",
  "medically thirty thirty one thirty one neutrophil sixty seven percent to twenty percent ",
  "this was %HESITATION %HESITATION from yesterday but today is a basic metabolic panel forty was one to nine thousand five point of going to five bicarb twenty to be the twenty seven creatinine two point four magnesium is low at one point five ",
  "medication ",
  "protonix forty mg daily aspirin in those daily folic acid one was very lactulose daily Tylenol PRN flomax zero point four Q. daily at night multivitamin one tab daily toprol XL twelve point five daily verapamil PRN IV atrovent PRN morphine sulfate PRN bacitracin B. I. D. heparin five thousand units subcu Q. twelve Ativan running of IV Q. three PRN and Zofran four minimal PRN ",
  "Texas chest X. ray on three thirteenths shows Trach tube removed otherwise no changes and three eight two thousand and seventeen ",
  "assessment and plan ",
  "again %HESITATION yesterday prevoid it was greater than three sixty four postvoid was one nineteen ",
  "%HESITATION period ",
  "assessment %HESITATION ",
  "this is a sixty one year old Caucasian male with history of alcoholic and hepatitis C. liver cirrhosis status post cardiopulmonary arrest number one respiratory status post Trach removal of is doing well off nasal cannula ",
  "%HESITATION is status post treatment for pneumonia continue with aspiration precaution next cardiovascular Fishin with this this patient is status post non is to live issue to my continue medical management patient is overall stable next infectious disease finished treatment for bacteremia UTI and pneumonia treated with colistin and five ox ",
  "next acute on chronic renal insufficiency kidney function continues to worsen this may be secondary to urinary retention urine studies including UA and urine culture would would be repeated we will follow ",
  "may consider putting back a Foley catheter if kidney function continues to worsen next history of hepatitis C. outpatient hepatology followup ",
  "next urinary retention continue to observe continue flomax zero point four Q. H. S. ",
  "next generalized weakness continue physical therapy and occupational therapy definitely needs %HESITATION %HESITATION %HESITATION physical therapy as an out %HESITATION once get discharged awaiting sniff placement or acute rehab ",
  "former C. to opinion likely related to cirrhosis ",
  "discount ",
  "stable is one thirty one improving next hypoalbuminemia tolerating diet well patient is very picky with what he wants to eat ",
  "status post recent G. tube removal next hypomagnesemia replace magnesium ",
  "we will follow ",
  "thank you "
]