[
  "for this consultation history of present illness this is a cachectic %HESITATION ",
  "a sixty seven year old woman who was transferred %HESITATION from outside facility %HESITATION ",
  "patient has a history all five CVS COPD ",
  "%HESITATION with multiple admissions for hypoxemia %HESITATION recently at diagnosis on your morning as septic shock %HESITATION tricuspid valve vegetations with blood cultures on ",
  "the %HESITATION November twenty seven grew Haemophilus influenza history of E. coli UTI ",
  "atrial fibrillation status post rapid ventricular response ",
  "CHF chronic degenerative joint disease diabetes ",
  "history of cardiac stents depression anxiety ",
  "hypertension hearing loss ",
  "episodic myoclonic movements insomnia history of left MCA CVA in two thousand seven %HESITATION chronic narcotic dependence %HESITATION ",
  "past surgical history significant for %HESITATION T. H. U. B. S. O. N. temprano Plassey nineteen eighty eight social history on known except patient was a heavy smoker per report %HESITATION patient was transferred to ",
  "chronic khat until the reception %HESITATION as for pre previously noted her blood because ",
  "seven a girl hemophilia is influenza however repeat blood cultures on ",
  "had been negative %HESITATION ",
  "patients %HESITATION white blood cell count on admission %HESITATION is fourteen point six H. and H. nine point seven and twenty nine point five platelets three twenty three neutrophils eighty five point three %HESITATION is potassium two point nine B. and twelve creatinine zero point five six normal bilirubin out full and and LFT alk phos one sixty one urinalysis negative for nitrite glucoside esterase ",
  "A chest X. ray revealed %HESITATION ",
  "a mild pulmonary scarring bilaterally drawing straight back up decline ",
  "and Foley catheter %HESITATION physical examination general this is a fragile chronically ill appearing %HESITATION elderly woman who is awake in no distress head atraumatic normative follow explode on the kick vehicle because the dry neck is supple tracheostomy present chest rise symmetrical breath sounds clear with scattered crackles hospice one is still of the missile spell does present extremities without cyanosis edema %HESITATION diagnostic impression this is a sixty seven year old woman with numerous medical problems status post recent septic shock UTI pneumonia and tricuspid valve endocarditis with blood culture %HESITATION initially grew Haemophilus influenza patient %HESITATION was transferred from outside facility where she was seen by infectious disease team %HESITATION she is currently on IV Rocephin ",
  "which were going to continue for %HESITATION six weeks %HESITATION patient is going to be seen by cardiology %HESITATION two D. echo will be done %HESITATION ",
  "so far her cultures are pending and she's %HESITATION hemodynamically stable ",
  "we will continue her on current regimen ",
  "and surgery commendations bill cultures diagnostics and the patient's clinical course of "
]