[
  "this is some ",
  "paragraph type of ",
  "study diagnostic Polysomnogram next paragraph ",
  "clinical history ",
  "is %HESITATION ",
  "seventy two year old male who was previously diagnosed with obstructive sleep apnea but had difficulty tolerating CPAP therapy period he returns to the I'm sorry he returned to the sleep clinic for a repeat assessment ",
  "fifteen at the time he %HESITATION ",
  "reported ongoing symptoms from untreated sleep apnea period he was therefore recommended to undergo a repeat evaluation period next paragraph ",
  "current medications include you met and I'd come up potassium chloride common Lopid common Bennett today in common to propionyl aspirin comma the total lack ET %HESITATION delay see common multivitamin comma vitamin B. twelve period he uses acted ACSI F. U. D. E. X. as needed and triamcinolone acetonide next paragraph ",
  "recording montage ",
  "the study was recorded on easy three Cadwell amplifier that is compliant with current American anatomy of sleep medicine standards period the patient underwent %HESITATION digital polysomnography with simultaneous recording of electroencephalogram come out Dracula Graham come out to my a gram come after cardioversion comma oral and nasal air flow with combined oral and nasal thermosensor common nasal air pressure transducer comma pulse oximetry comma leg movement on the body position come a sound comma and video period ",
  "the data was adequate for interpretation and was reviewed in its entirety period next paragraph sleep scoring followed the standards put forth by the American academy of sleep medicine period hypopnea rule Roman numeral eight dot four dot B. was used period next paragraph sleep architecture ",
  "lights out initiated at eleven twenty seven PM lights on at five thirty five AM period sleep efficiency was fifty eight percent period ",
  "increased wake after sleep onset was noted period ",
  "make after sleep onset duration was forty two point eight percent period ",
  "sleep onset latency is eleven minutes and rem onset latency was eighty four point five minutes period next paragraph ",
  "stage N. one was noted at fifty two minutes ",
  "I'm sorry delete that sentence so far stage N. one was noted at twenty four percent comma steak and two eight fifty two percent comma and three was zero percent and stage rem was twenty four percent period ",
  "thanks very grab respiratory and Alice's ",
  "occasional hypopneas were noted during this assessment ",
  "associated with three to four percent oxygen desaturations and slash or critical arousals period ",
  "A. S. M. apnea hypopnea index is fifteen point five events an hour period CMS apnea hypopnea index is six point two events per hour period next paragraph oxygen desaturations to a nadir eighty eight percent were noted period mean oxygen saturation were noted at ninety five percent period ",
  "events were noted in the supine position as well as in the left lateral position period ",
  "next paragraph ",
  "ECG normal sinus rhythm was noted with occasional premature atrial contractions period mean heart rate was seventy four beats per minute period minimum heart rate of ",
  "fifty seven beats per minute was noted period next paragraph EEG this limited EEG montage does not show any significant abnormalities period next paragraph ",
  "PLMs I'm sorry periodic limb movement ",
  "%HESITATION limb movement index of one hundred and twenty two events was noted period limb movements associated with cortical arousal was five point four period next paragraph EMG excessive phasic elevations were noted during ",
  "rem stage and EMG tone in the arm and lower extremity needs period in addition ",
  "leg movements were also noted on the video during rem stage ",
  "period this stock up for may twenty it is ",
  "suggestive of ",
  "I'm sorry delete that this %HESITATION is suggestive lack of rem atonia period next paragraph ",
  "impression number one obstructive I'm sorry ",
  "delete that impression primary diagnoses number one obstructive sleep apnea space three to seven point two three next paragraph I'm sorry next line period one movement disorder space three to seven point five one next startup impression this diagnostic Polysomnogram shows evidence of obstructive sleep apnea and the %HESITATION obstructive sleep apnea period ",
  "respiratory events comprised of hypopnea associated with three to four percent oxygen desaturations noted in the supine and left lateral positions period ",
  "spine ram was not observed during this assessment period increased wake after sleep onset was noted period ",
  "frequent limb movements were noted which resulted in a mildly elevated cortical arousal index current lack of rem atonia was also observed %HESITATION period next paragraph recommendations ",
  "due to the patient's prior intolerance to pap therapy it ",
  "it is recommended that the patient pursue a titration study in the lab period and during the upcoming titration we would also have an opportunity to assess %HESITATION for the limb movements to see if they would improve after instituting pap treatment period next year next next line no driving or operating heavy machinery in the presence of drowsiness symptoms period next ",
  "paragraph thank you for referring this the ",
  "sleep disorder center period should you have further questions or concerns regarding his care please feel free to contact me this can cause a dictation and David E. harden H. a R. D. E. N. date of birth is ten nine nineteen forty two data service was six fifteen two thousand fifteen date of interpretation is seven one two thousand fifteen to society Medalla and eighty L. annotation "
]