[
  "seven one reason for admission hypercapnic and hypoxemic respiratory failure ",
  "he ",
  "this is a pleasant fifty nine year old woman with a history of ",
  "A chronic ",
  "hypoxemic and hypercapnic respiratory failure on nocturnal bipap and four liters nasal cannula at home ",
  "as well as a history of poliomyelitis with severe kyphoscoliosis who was admitted to wait ",
  "teen with deterioration in her renal function noticed at an outpatient clinic period ",
  "at the time of evaluation the patient was noted to have ",
  "leukocytosis to thirteen point four ",
  "and chest X. ray showed bilateral ",
  "pulmonary infiltrates ",
  "consistent with pneumonia period her ",
  "influenza A and B. antibody titers were high ",
  "leading to diagnosis of ",
  "influenza for which she received a five day course of ",
  "%HESITATION Tamiflu period ",
  "she was also begun on antibiotic therapy including a dose of Zosyn followed by ",
  "the course of ceftriaxone and azithromycin for community acquired pneumonia period ",
  "the patient's admission admitting arterial blood gas showed severe ",
  "respiratory acidosis with PCO two of one hundred and nine and PH of seven point two five period ",
  "she was initially treated with around the clock bipap which was ultimately decreased to her usual nocturnal bipap period ",
  "she ultimately showed some improvement but has gotten severely weak ",
  "and is no longer able to walk ",
  "although she was previously able to walk and even dance as an outpatient period ",
  "renal function has normalized with good fluid management ",
  "but she is referred for ",
  "ongoing treatment of her bilateral pneumonia as well as her acute and chronic hypoxemic and hypercapnic respiratory failure period ",
  "review of systems ",
  "general patient previously had fevers and chills at home ",
  "but none recently No recent change in her weight ",
  "head no headaches or lightheadedness ",
  "%HESITATION your nose and throat no ear infections or nasal congestion ",
  "cardiac no history of myocardial infarctions ",
  "for congestive heart failure ",
  "and no chest pain ",
  "gastrointestinal no history of ulcers or ",
  "diarrhea ",
  "neurologic patient has a history of poliomyelitis in the past ",
  "with residual kyphoscoliosis ",
  "past medical history number one acute and chronic ",
  "hypercapnic and hypoxemic respiratory failure ",
  "requiring nocturnal bipap and ",
  "daytime nasal cannula oxygen number two ",
  "history of poliomyelitis at age four ",
  "with total quadriplegia for three months ",
  "followed by ",
  "severe kyphoscoliosis ",
  "causing her restrictive lung disease ",
  "three hypercholesterolemia four history of asthma ",
  "five chronic kidney disease with recent acute exacerbation ",
  "social history patient previously smoked ",
  "five to six cigarettes per day but quit approximately ten years ago alcohol history none illicit drug use none family history no pertinent family history ",
  "of polio or ",
  "bong disease ",
  "allergies ",
  "to codeine ",
  "medications ",
  "singulair ten milligrams P. O. daily enoxaparin forty milligrams subcutaneous daily pepcid twenty milligrams P. O. daily bio K. one cap P. O. daily Claritin five milligrams P. O. daily DuoNeb three CC nebulized Q. four hours ",
  "Lipitor twenty milligrams P. O. daily ",
  "asus remind sent five hundred milligrams P. O. daily ceftriaxone one gram IV piggyback daily Senokot eight point six milligrams PO ",
  "daily PRN for constipation ",
  "all trams five fifty milligrams PO Q. six hours PRN for moderate to severe pain ",
  "Humalog insulin Q. six hours PRN for sliding scale ",
  "she ",
  "physical exam this is a pleasant ",
  "obese ",
  "latest woman in no acute respiratory distress but ",
  "intermittent somnolence ",
  "temperature ninety eight zero pulse ninety four respirations twenty two oxygen saturation ninety two percent on six liters nasal cannula oxygen ",
  "head patient is normal cephalic with no evidence of recent trauma or other deformities five pupils are equal and reactive to light extraocular muscles are grossly intact nose ",
  "%HESITATION and nasal cannula for oxygen supplementation is present with no evidence of exudates or hemorrhage ",
  "ears hearing is grossly intact ",
  "mouth dry oral mucosa but pharynx is clear with no erythema or exudates noted neck supple with no jugular venous distention or adenopathy chest patient shows significant %HESITATION ",
  "Scully odych deformity with irregularity of her chest wall No accessory muscle use lungs few bibasilar crackles but no audible wheezes ",
  "heart regular rhythm but no audible murmurs or extra sounds ",
  "back severe kyphoscoliosis ",
  "but no spinal tenderness ",
  "breasts no masses or discharge from the nipple abdomen rounded and obese but soft and nontender extremities ",
  "%HESITATION no edema clubbing or cyanosis ",
  "neurologic patient is awake and alert but intermittently somnolent with not stimulated ",
  "%HESITATION she moves her upper limbs with four plus over five strength and the lower limbs with four for five strength ",
  "labs ",
  "WBC eight point five hemoglobin twelve point zero hematocrit thirty six point two MCV ninety three point four platelet count one hundred and seventy seven thousand sodium one thirty seven potassium four point one chloride eighty eight CO two forty four B. went fifteen creatinine zero point four glucose one thirty three calcium nine point zero phosphorus three point nine ",
  "total bilirubin zero point seven ",
  "AST twenty one LTC seventeen total protein five point five albumin two point nine he ",
  "urinalysis was normal with two to five WBC's and rare bacteria arterial blood gas performed on six liters nasal cannula oxygen PH seven point four seven PCO two seventy four P. O. two ",
  "fifty five ",
  "I carbon it ",
  "fifty four oxygen saturation ninety percent ",
  "chest X. ray is pending impressions number one acute and chronic hypoxemic and hypercapnic respiratory failure ",
  "due to restrictive lung disease ",
  "common pneumonia comma and ",
  "poliomyelitis number two restrictive respiratory disorder due to severe kyphoscoliosis and muscle weakness three ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "community acquired pneumonia comma present on admission color partially treated four recent influenza respiratory infection ",
  "five ",
  "hi per cholesterol Limia six ",
  "recent acute kidney injury ",
  "seven ",
  "obesity ",
  "eight ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "acute deconditioning ",
  "recommendations number one continue nasal cannula oxygen ",
  "during the day and titrate to maintain oxygen saturation greater than or equal to ninety two percent number two continue noninvasive mechanical ventilation via bipap at nighttime ",
  "three continue current bronchodilator therapy and taper as ",
  "tolerated ",
  "as she recovers for ",
  "diamox two hundred and fifty milligrams PO ",
  "B. I. D. for two days to minimize the metabolic alkalosis which may be contributing to her CO two retention ",
  "next continue deep venous thrombosis prophylaxis next continue prophylaxis against GI bleeding ",
  "with famotidine ",
  "next continue sliding scale ",
  "insulin next aggressive physical and occupational therapy with the goal of improving overall strength and endurance ",
  "this is doctor to "
]