[
  "in reason for admission acute hypoxemic respiratory failure this is a pleasant but unfortunate seventy five year old man with a history of congestive heart failure comma hypertension comma and atrial fibrillation who was admitted to ",
  "with the two with a three month history of progressive weakness ",
  "abdominal bloating and ",
  "dyspnea period ",
  "the patient was reportedly doing well according to his sister at bedside until approximately three months prior to this admission when he underwent a maze procedure M. a Z. E. procedure for chronic atrial fibrillation period ",
  "his postoperative course was stormy including ",
  "episodes of gastrointestinal bleeding attributed to his anticoagulants ",
  "and the patient has significant ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "generalized weakness since that time period he also reported twenty pound weight loss ",
  "increasing constipation and decreased ",
  "he is of urination since that time period ",
  "he was evaluated in his primary care physician's office and found to have %HESITATION ",
  "bilateral patchy ",
  "lung infiltrates as well as a nodules on the left pleura consistent with metastatic disease of unknown origin period ",
  "during this admission at ",
  "ensure she was noted to have a prostate specific antigen level of one thousand one hundred and thirty four ",
  "raising a strong suspicion of metastatic ",
  "prostate cancer period ",
  "he underwent thoracentesis on the left ",
  "period cytology of the pleural fluid showed mesothelial cells but no evidence of %HESITATION ",
  "cancer cells period he also underwent a prostate biopsy which showed adenocarcinoma ",
  "of the prostate with Gleason score of three period after extensive counseling and discussions with the patient and family ",
  "re gait related to aggressiveness of care was decided to give a trial of of one dose of Lupron and judge whether he is getting a response or not period ",
  "from a respiratory standpoint patient feels he is somewhat better since the thoracentesis period he continues however to require intermittent use of noninvasive mechanical ventilation going off and on bipap every few hours through the course of the day and the night period he claims to have small amount of sputum production ",
  "but he is able to adequately clear it without the need for suctioning and he claims the sputum is clear and white period he denies chills fevers ",
  "or sweats period his primary complaints other than intermittent dyspnea is of back pain which responds well to Norco period ",
  "at the time of evaluation he was ",
  "in mild respiratory distress on noninvasive mechanical ventilation with a full face mask ",
  "review of systems %HESITATION ",
  "general patient has a twenty pound weight loss but no fevers or chills head no headaches or lightheadedness ",
  "respiratory intermittent dyspnea over the past three months improved since the thoracentesis period No history of COPD or any other previous lung problems cardiac %HESITATION history of atrial fibrillation in the past status post maze M. a Z. E. procedure ",
  "however ",
  "genitourinary patient has increased urinary frequency and increased urgency over the past several months %HESITATION gastrointestinal patient has recent abdominal bloating and constipation relieved with extensive enema of and ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "Capstar decks ",
  "past medical history number one congestive heart failure two atrial fibrillation status post maze procedure three hypertension ",
  "family history ",
  "it's uncle had a history of prostate cancer but no history of lung ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "hepatology in the family social history smoking history patient smoked heavily for approximately two years but quit fifty years ago alcohol history none illicit drug use none allergies none ",
  "medications ",
  "protonix forty milligrams P. O. daily sprung lactone twenty five milligrams PO Q. H. S. ",
  "Casodex fifty milligrams P. O. daily ",
  "potassium chloride ten milligrams once P. O. daily amiodarone two hundred milligrams P. O. daily Lasix forty milligrams IV push daily ",
  "levo flocks of sun ",
  "two hundred and fifty milligrams P. O. daily megace four hundred milligrams P. O. B. I. D. ",
  "MiraLax seventeen grams P. O. daily ",
  "flomax zero point ",
  "four milligrams P. O. daily ",
  "bio K. one cap P. O. daily ",
  "xopenex one point two five milligrams nebulized Q. six hours magnesium hydroxide thirty CC P. O. daily PRN for constipation ",
  "Norco five over three twenty five one tab PO ",
  "Q. four hours PRN for moderate to severe pain ",
  "physical exam this is a ill appearing elderly man on noninvasive mechanical ventilation in mild respiratory distress ",
  "but ",
  "communicating well ",
  "temperature ninety seven seven pulse ",
  "sixty eight respirations eighteen blood pressure eighty eight or for fifty one oxygen saturation a hundred percent on forty percent high flow nasal cannula and on forty percent noninvasive mechanical ventilation via face mask had normal cephalic other than wasting of the temporal musculature with no evidence of recent trauma or other deformities eyes extraocular muscles are grossly intact and pupils are reactive to light ",
  "nose nares are apparently patent with no evidence of hemorrhage or exudates mouth good oral hygiene pharynx is clear ",
  "neck supple with no jugular venous distention or adenopathy ears hearing is grossly intact with no abnormalities of the external ears ",
  "chest ",
  "normal AP diameter of the chest with mild use of accessory muscles of respiration on noninvasive mechanical ventilation ",
  "lungs ",
  "quiet ",
  "air movement at both bases but no wheezes or crackles heard abdomen rounded obese and mildly distended nontender with no rebound Normoactive bowel sounds genitalia normal external male genitalia other than two plus generalized edema ",
  "extremities ",
  "two plus dependent edema and one to two plus edema on both feet period wasting of the musculature is generalized on all limbs %HESITATION have pulses are diminished ",
  "as well period no clubbing or cyanosis noted neurologic patient is awake and alert answering most questions well ",
  "and seems oriented to person place and time ",
  "strength is four over five on the upper limbs three over five on the lower limbs ",
  "skin patient has pressure ulcers on the sacrum and buttocks ",
  "labs ",
  "WBC eleven point four hemoglobin seven point eight hematocrit twenty two point seven platelet count one hundred and eighty three thousand ",
  "sodium one thirty two potassium four point zero chloride ninety three CO two thirty four view and seventeen creatinine zero point four glucose ninety four calcium seven point seven phosphorus three point one ",
  "AST twenty three Ellis A. L. T. nine alkaline phosphatase seven seventy three total protein four point three albumin one point nine ",
  "urinalysis shows large blood positive nitrites twenty to thirty RBCs and greater than fifty WBCS with two plus bacteria ",
  "arterial blood gas performed on noninvasive mechanical ventilation with inspiratory pressure of fifteen extratorrent pressure of five PH seven point four five PCO two fifty three P. O. two one fifty bicarbonate thirty seven ",
  "oxygen saturation ninety nine percent chest X. ray shows ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "%HESITATION moderate ",
  "our cardio medically with diffuse ",
  "interstitial changes in the lungs and bilateral large pleural effusions ",
  "also noted was diffuse bony blastic metastases ",
  "impressions number one hypoxemic and hypercapnic respiratory failure common acute comma multifactorial number two ",
  "metastatic ",
  "adenocarcinoma of the prostate newly diagnosed and having received his first course of Lupron ",
  "with diffuse bony metastases three bilateral pleural effusions ",
  "possibly due to ",
  "metastatic cancer but also possibly due to congestive heart failure ",
  "for ",
  "hypertension ",
  "currently hypotensive ",
  "five chronic atrial fibrillation status post maze procedure but remaining on amiodarone ",
  "but not on anticoagulation ",
  "six profound debilitation and deconditioning seven sacral and buttock pressure ulcerations ",
  "eight ",
  "a urinary tract infection common present on admission comma partially treated ",
  "nine history of urinary retention due to adenocarcinoma of the prostate ",
  "ten twenty pound weight loss ",
  "recommendations number one continue ",
  "noninvasive mechanical ventilation as tolerated ",
  "and using ",
  "%HESITATION high flow nasal cannula intermittently ",
  "as tolerated to allow ",
  "oral intake and administration of oral medications ",
  "number two continue current bronchodilator therapy three ",
  "%HESITATION diuresis ",
  "as the patient is able to tolerate with his blood pressure four consider placement of PleurX catheters ",
  "to control bilateral pleural effusions if diuresis is inadequate ",
  "next aggressive nutritional support next %HESITATION ",
  "monthly Lupron with Casodex to control the ",
  "%HESITATION adenocarcinoma of the prostate next continue aggressive counseling of the patient and his sister ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "regarding poor overall prognosis "
]