[
  "reason for consultation COPD exacerbation ",
  "this is a ",
  "%HESITATION unfortunate seventy five year old man with a history of severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease comma hi ",
  "code thyroid is on ",
  "comma and schizoaffective disorder who was admitted to ",
  "with a three day history of increasing dyspnea ",
  "period ",
  "the patient is a resident of a skilled nursing facility and was noted to be in acute respiratory distress and transferred to urgent care at ",
  "period upon arrival he was noted to have use of accessory muscles ",
  "and was felt to have an acute exacerbation of COPD period admitting chest X. ray showed only subsegmental atelectasis of the right lower lobe ",
  "and a normal white blood cell count period arterial blood gas upon admission to ",
  "showed PH seven point three eight PCO two forty seven and P. O. two of eighty period he was aggressively treated for acute exacerbation of COPD including intravenous corticosteroids comma ",
  "intensive bronchodilator therapy comma and initiation of ",
  "antibiotic treatment ",
  "for community acquired ",
  "pneumonia specifically ceftriaxone and azithromycin period the patient showed only modest improvement so was transferred to ",
  "period upon arrival here he was noted to have persistent bronchospasm and was continued on high dose corticosteroids period is ",
  "bronchodilators were continued and a prolonged course of intravenous and oral antibiotics has been continued period ",
  "admission chest X. ray showed subtle bibasilar infiltrates representing either atelectasis or pneumonia as well as a elevated right hemidiaphragm period ",
  "the patient %HESITATION symptoms have reportedly improved ",
  "but pulmonary consultation is requested to assess ",
  "his %HESITATION resolution of his COPD exacerbation and recommend further ",
  "%HESITATION ongoing therapy period review of systems is impossible due to the patient's psychiatric disease %HESITATION ",
  "past medical history ",
  "number one severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease number two ",
  "schizoaffective disorder three possible depression four benign prostatic hypertrophy five hypothyroidism ",
  "social history patient is divorced ",
  "has and has a son and daughter ",
  "period ",
  "he his occupational history was significant for %HESITATION ",
  "being a driver for ",
  "with no known occupational exposure period ",
  "smoking history patient has a seventy pack year smoking history but quit ",
  "fifteen years ago alcohol history none illicit drug use none ",
  "allergies nonsteroidal anti inflammatory medications penicillin ",
  "acetaminophen cyclobenzaprine gluten and wheat ",
  "medications ",
  "Amazon twenty milligrams P. O. daily collates two hundred milligrams P. O. daily vitamin D. one thousand two hundred international units P. O. daily lactulose ",
  "thirty grams P. O. B. B. I. D. ",
  "levocarnitine nine hundred and ninety milligrams ",
  "P. O. TID aspirin eighty one milligrams P. O. daily ",
  "flutamide ",
  "F. L. U. T. A. M. I. D. he two hundred and fifty milligrams P. O. Q. eight hours atorvastatin ten milligrams P. O. daily ",
  "synthroid thirty seven point five micrograms P. O. daily ceftriaxone ",
  "One Graham IV piggyback ",
  "daily is this for Meissen seven hundred and fifty milligrams IV piggyback daily ",
  "hello doll zero point five milligrams I am Q. six hours PRN agitation loratadine ",
  "ten milligrams P. O. daily flomax zero point four milligrams P. O. daily enoxaparin forty milligrams subcutaneous daily ",
  "DuoNeb three CC nebulized Q. four hours remeron seven point five milligrams P. O. Q. H. S. aricept five milligrams P. O. Q. H. S. Zyprexa twenty milligrams P. O. Q. H. S. Depakote fifty milligrams P. O. B. I. D. ",
  "physical exam this is a ill appearing ",
  "elderly man in no acute respiratory distress on nasal cannula oxygen ",
  "temperature ninety seven one pulse eighty eight respirations twenty blood pressure one twenty six over seventy one ",
  "had Normocephalic with no evidence of recent trauma or ",
  "other deformities ",
  "period mild bitemporal wasting period eyes extraocular muscles are grossly intact and ",
  "%HESITATION pupils are reactive to light ears hearing is grossly intact with normal external ears mouth good oral hygiene pharynx is clear with no evidence of exudates or erythema necks supple with no jugular venous distention or adenopathy ",
  "nose ",
  "areas are apparently patent with nasal cannula present chest ",
  "moderate hyperinflation of the chest with no use of accessory muscles of respiration %HESITATION breath sounds are clear with prolonged extratorrent phase of the respiratory cycle heart ",
  "regular rhythm with no audible murmurs or extra sounds ",
  "abdomen rounded ",
  "moderately obese and nondistended period abdomen is soft with no palpable masses or rebound extremities ",
  "well healed surgical ",
  "scar in the right ",
  "ankle on the lateral ",
  "aspect ",
  "but no edema period distal pulses are diminished but no clubbing or cyanosis noted neurologic patient is awake and responsive although inconsistent period his participation in the exam was ",
  "poor period ",
  "labs WBC six point seven hemoglobin eleven point three hematocrit thirty seven point nine platelet count one hundred and ninety thousand ",
  "sodium one thirty nine potassium four point zero B. went eleven creatinine zero point five glucose one twenty two calcium eight point four phosphorus two point four magnesium two point four procalcitonin zero point three four arterial blood gas performed on one seven two thousand seventeen on two liters nasal cannula oxygen PH seven point four four PCO two fifty P. O. two eighty four bicarbonate ",
  "thirty four ",
  "oxygen saturation ninety four percent ",
  "impressions number one ",
  "A chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with resolving acute exacerbation number two schizoaffective disorder called a controlled three major depression comic controlled four hypothyroidism ",
  "on replacement therapy five ",
  "%HESITATION dyslipidemia ",
  "six benign prostatic hypertrophy ",
  "recommendations number one continue nasal cannula oxygen supplementation but titrate down as tolerated to maintain oxygen saturation between ninety and ninety four percent ",
  "number two continue current bronchodilator regimen with DuoNeb Q. four hours three continue rapid taper of corticosteroids currently on twenty milligrams daily but would ",
  "decrease in three days to ten milligrams P. O. daily ",
  "for three days then discontinue next %HESITATION ",
  "discontinue antibiotic therapy as the ",
  "regimen has apparently been in place since ",
  "and should be adequate to cover for his respiratory ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "infection ",
  "next %HESITATION patient ",
  "is stable from a pulmonary standpoint for discharge to ",
  "%HESITATION skilled nursing ",
  "level ",
  "much "
]