[
  "reason for consultation ",
  "chronic ",
  "respiratory ",
  "failure ",
  "this is a very unfortunate ",
  "seventy two year old man with a history of severe nonischemic cardiomyopathy ",
  "status post ",
  "cardiac arrest with severe residual ",
  "anoxic encephalopathy ",
  "in fact ",
  "who was admitted from his skilled nursing facility to ",
  "on one ",
  "with abdominal distention and dyspnea period the patient ",
  "was evaluated in the emergency department and was found to have episodes of supraventricular tachycardia ",
  "and was admitted to ",
  "telemetry unit period ",
  "he's is he was evaluated by cardiology who began the patient on ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "is this %HESITATION ",
  "amiodarone ",
  "one ",
  "and beta blocker ",
  "period ",
  "he was also noted to be severely distended and was evaluated by the general surgeon ",
  "period %HESITATION ",
  "KUB was performed which showed evidence of distention but no evidence of ",
  "bowel obstruction period ",
  "he was evaluated for pulmonary infection and was noted to have ",
  "%HESITATION leukocytosis period ",
  "he was begun on a course of aztreonam ",
  "and flagyl ",
  "for presumed aspiration pneumonia period he is transferred to ",
  "for further management of his numerous medical problems including his acute and chronic respiratory failure comma acute tracheobronchitis comma and severe abdominal distention period at the time of evaluation by me ",
  "had his eyes open but was in his usual state of persistent vegetative state period review of systems is impossible due to the patient's ",
  "severe encephalopathies past medical history number one ",
  "severe nonischemic cardiomyopathy with recurrent ",
  "acute ",
  "systolic heart failure number two ",
  "chronic ",
  "hypoxemic and hypercapnic respiratory failure on chronic mechanical ventilation number three ",
  "severe anoxic encephalopathy for recurrent ",
  "respiratory tract infections including tracheobronchitis and aspiration pneumonia five recurrent urinary tract infections ",
  "six type two diabetes mellitus ",
  "social history patient is a resident of a ",
  "skilled nursing facility called chalet ",
  "%HESITATION family history unknown ",
  "allergies to paper Sellin and his %HESITATION backed him ",
  "medications ",
  "as Tran am one gram IV piggyback Q. eight hours flagyl five hundred milligrams IV piggyback ",
  "Q. eight hours atorvastatin twenty milligrams down the G. tube daily ",
  "amiodarone two hundred milligrams down the G. tube daily aspirin eighty one milligrams down the G. tube daily ",
  "pepcid twenty milligrams down the G. tube daily tricor one hundred and forty five milligrams down the G. tube daily Lasix forty milligrams down the G. tube daily bio K. one cap down the G. tube daily ",
  "omega three capsules one thousand milligrams down the G. tube daily ",
  "MiraLax seventeen grams down the G. tube B. I. D. contact phone twenty five milligrams down the G. tube daily ",
  "vitamin B. one one hundred milligrams down the G. tube daily ",
  "Levemir ten units subcutaneous B. I. D. ",
  "correct six point two five milligrams down the G. tube B. I. D. ",
  "regular insulin Q. six hours ",
  "PRN ",
  "per sliding scale ",
  "Reglan ten milligrams down the G. tube Q. eight hours PRN for high gastric residuals ",
  "DuoNeb three CC nebulized Q. six hours PRN for dyspnea or wheezing ",
  "heparin five thousand units subcutaneous B. I. D. Keppra seven hundred and fifty milligrams down the G. tube B. I. D. ",
  "physical exam this is a ill appearing elderly man appearing somewhat cushingoid and puffy but in no acute respiratory distress ",
  "temperature ninety eight three pulse fifty nine respirations eighteen blood pressure one await over sixty five oxygen saturation ninety nine percent on forty percent oxygen had ",
  "shape is somewhat moon shaped and cushingoid but no evidence of recent trauma or other deformities eyes pupils are reactive to light but next ",
  "%HESITATION is have roving eye movements with not ",
  "following any commands nose nares are apparently patent with no evidence of %HESITATION ",
  "exudates or hemorrhage mouth poor ",
  "for a hygiene but unable to view pharynx due to poor cooperation of the patient with exam ears unable to test hearing due to severe encephalopathy neck size eight tracheostomy in place held securely in place with the tracheostomy tie ",
  "chest hyperinflated ",
  "chest ",
  "with no use of accessory muscles of respiration heart ",
  "regular rhythm with no audible murmurs or extra sounds ",
  "lungs quiet air movement but somewhat prolonged expatriates of the respiratory cycle period no audible crackles or wheezes ",
  "abdomen rounded obese and moderately distended gastrostomy tube is present in the left upper quadrant with no erythema or exudates at the site abdomen is distended and hypoactive bowel sounds but nontender period No rebound noted genitalia normal external male genitalia with one to two plus edema No Foley catheter is present using a condom catheter instead %HESITATION extremities bilateral foot drop with one to two plus dependent edema %HESITATION distal pulses are significantly diminished ",
  "with no clubbing or cyanosis ",
  "neurologic patient is ",
  "awake with eyes open but not following any commands or interacting in any particular way ",
  "%HESITATION labs WBC nine point seven hemoglobin nine point four hematocrit twenty eight point four ",
  "the count four hundred and seventy one thousand ",
  "sodium one twenty nine potassium four point eight chloride ninety three CO two thirty two view and twenty five creatinine one point zero ",
  "phosphorus three point four magnesium two point two ",
  "AST thirteen A. L. T. ",
  "seventeen ",
  "albumin two point four total protein seven point three ",
  "arterial blood gas performed on assist control rate of ten tidal volume ",
  "five hundred and fire to ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "forty forty percent PH seven point four eight PCO two forty eight P. O. two one fifty bicarbonate thirty three ",
  "urinalysis is normal ",
  "stool for Clostridium difficile is negative ",
  "cultures are pending ",
  "chest X. ray is also pending ",
  "Russian number one acute and chronic hypoxemic respiratory failure comma ventilator dependent ",
  "number two ",
  "chronic tracheostomy due to chronic respiratory failure and ",
  "inability to protect his airway three severe nonischemic cardiomyopathy with recurrent ",
  "acute systolic heart failure for ",
  "severe anoxic encephalopathy due to cardiac arrest ",
  "five ",
  "hypertension six abdominal distention ",
  "with recurrent intestinal ileus ",
  "eight ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "acute ",
  "tracheobronchitis calmer be current ",
  "next ",
  "history of urinary retention in the past next ",
  "history of diffuse diverticulosis %HESITATION of sis next seizure disorder comma controlled ",
  "recommendations number one continue current ventilatory support until the patient is more stable number two ",
  "continue bronchodilator treatments only on a PRN basis due to the patient's recent supraventricular tachycardia ",
  "three ",
  "continue heparin for prophylaxis against deep venous thrombosis four continue pepcid for prophylaxis against %HESITATION gastrointestinal bleeding next frequent repositioning of the patient ",
  "to promote healing of this pressure ulceration and promote clearance of tracheal secretions ",
  "next continue ",
  "long acting insulin and sliding scale short acting insulin to control diabetes ",
  "next aggressive nutritional support with gastrostomy tube feedings "
]