[
  "reason for admission ",
  "hypoxemic and hypercapnic respiratory failure ",
  "this is a very pleasant ",
  "sixty eight year old woman with a past medical history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ",
  "and scoliosis ",
  "as well as metastatic adenocarcinoma of the lung who is admitted to ",
  "with altered mental status period ",
  "the patient's ",
  "apnea carcinoma of the lung was diagnosed in two thousand fifteen ",
  "and was staged clinically at T. four and three period ",
  "she initially underwent chemotherapy with carboplatinum ",
  "with four rounds followed by chemoradiation to her residual disease with weekly docks attacks all ",
  "last received no ",
  "reportedly with a good response period ",
  "engine ",
  "she was noted to develop ",
  "brain metastases and received stereotactic brain radiotherapy period in June ",
  "she was noted to have progression of her brain metastases and underwent whole brain radiation therapy completed in July ",
  "period ",
  "her ",
  "outpatient clinical course was further complicated by an episode of pulmonary embolism ",
  "in ",
  "and she's been managed on xarelto X. a harpy L. T. O. since that time period ",
  "she was hospitalized at St ",
  "for an episode of respiratory failure receiving antibiotics and ultimately ultimately discharged home period in ",
  "she was again hospitalized ",
  "when she was noted to have an unsteady gait period ",
  "MRI of the brain ",
  "showed some progression of disease ",
  "with edema in the left posterior parietal region with leptomeningeal involvement period she was started on corticosteroids and she's been maintained on this since that time period CT scanning at that time showed progression of her lung cancer ",
  "with new ",
  "not jewel's reported as well as extensive pulmonary embolus high period since that time her clinical course has been somewhat in decline and she is reportedly remained ",
  "last ",
  "ambulatory and active since that time period ",
  "on ",
  "she ",
  "was scheduled to see her regular oncologist ",
  "but was instead brought to the emergency department with altered mental status period ",
  "the patient's daughter also reported at that time an episode of large volume of watery diarrhea period she was noted to be significantly anemia significantly anemic with the admitting hemoglobin of six point two period ",
  "head CT scan showed no new acute findings period ",
  "she was however noted to have a new pneumonia ",
  "and was treated ",
  "with antibiotics ",
  "period her stay was also complicated by an episode of pseudomembranous colitis ",
  "for which she has completed ",
  "therapy ",
  "period ",
  "she entered the hospital on a low dose of Keppra two hundred and fifty milligrams B. I. D. but after ",
  "health care workers the noticed ",
  "a rhythmic twitching of her face on one episode her Keppra dose was ",
  "empirically increased to seven hundred and fifty milligrams B. I. D. period according to the daughter an EEG was performed which reportedly showed no evidence of ongoing seizure activity period ",
  "she also reportedly had an app ",
  "episode of urinary tract infection ",
  "period ",
  "she's been in persistent respiratory failure ",
  "during this admission requiring noninvasive mechanical ventilation ",
  "initially through most of the day and night although over the past several days ",
  "she is reportedly able to spend ",
  "six to eight hours intermittently off mechanical ventilation period ",
  "she reportedly ",
  "was capable of taking pureed foods although she only takes a few bites at a time and is primarily dependent on nasogastric tube feedings to support her nutritional needs period at the time of assessment she was ",
  "alert but with relatively short attention span period she is seemed oriented to person place and time and ",
  "head ",
  "no specific complaints of pain ",
  "or dyspnea ",
  "at the time of assessment period ",
  "past medical history number one ",
  "chronic obstructive pulmonary disease two ",
  "metastatic adenocarcinoma ",
  "of the lung as described above ",
  "three ",
  "extensive pulmonary emboli on chronic anticoagulation ",
  "for ",
  "brain and leptomeningeal metastases status post stereotactic and whole brain radiation five intermittent thrombocytopenia felt to be due to ongoing infection versus ",
  "bone marrow involvement six recent enterococcal bacteremia calmer resolved seven ",
  "recent close treat him difficile ",
  "colitis ",
  "eight recent aspiration pneumonia comma resolved ",
  "nine recurrent anemia ",
  "comma mall for multi factorial ",
  "%HESITATION ",
  "ten ",
  "previous GI bleeding ",
  "family history ",
  "our father had a history of lung cancer ",
  "social history patient is widowed ",
  "with two children ",
  "smoking history patient smoked half a pack of cigarettes per day ",
  "for fifty years quitting in two thousand sixteen ",
  "occupational history unknown ",
  "illicit drug use none alcohol history none ",
  "allergies ",
  "to paper tape aspirin and nonsteroidal anti inflammatories ",
  "medications ",
  "during ji's a patch twenty five microgram per hour one topically ",
  "every three days Decadron two milligrams down the NG tube B. I. D. bio K. one cap down the NG tube daily ",
  "icon is all one gram ",
  "topically B. I. D. xarelto ",
  "twenty milligrams down the NG tube daily ",
  "you call mass six hundred milligrams nebulized TID soap annex zero point six three milligrams nebulized TID ",
  "Nutren one point five two hundred and fifty CC bolus feedings TID at %HESITATION eight hundred thirteen hundred and eighteen hundred hours ",
  "I Staten ",
  "oral suspension five hundred thousand units ",
  "Q. I. D. advance zero point two five milligrams IV push ",
  "Q. two hours PRN for seizures protonix forty milligrams IV push B. I. D. ",
  "hydromorphone zero point five milligrams ",
  "IV push Q. two hours PRN for severe pain ",
  "acetazolamide two hundred and fifty milligrams ",
  "down the NG tube B. I. D. ",
  "extra pro ten milligrams down the NG tube Q. H. S. ",
  "Gabba Penton ",
  "three hundred milligrams down the NG tube TID ",
  "Keppra seven hundred and fifty milligrams down the NG tube B. I. D. metoprolol twelve point five milligrams down the NG tube B. I. D. ",
  "physical exam this is a ill appearing cushingoid elderly woman in no acute respiratory distress but somewhat somnolent and requiring intermittent ventilatory support with noninvasive mechanical ventilation ",
  "temperature ninety seven nine pulse seventy respirations twenty blood pressure one oh for over fifty four oxygen saturation ninety seven percent on sixty percent high flow nasal cannula oxygen ",
  "head patient appears cushingoid but no evidence "
]