[
  "in Texas a form of neck popularity with bipap titration expiring because it's a big is a sixty five year old ",
  "man has received after process for but I apostle are free with bipap titration ",
  "social please stay with on three ",
  "sleep apnea with an AHI of twenty nine point five per hour next paragraph description all iPod Blasius reform CCH as Marty thanks six channel EEG two EOG leads and chin EMG not paralyzed pastas are easy prior labs to the S. G. leads her thank you open monitored respiration err for Marty the mail special to Mr stature sensors fastened down bands and pulse oximetry thanks for poor count total sleep time was two hundred thirty eight minutes sleep onset latency was normal at nineteen point five minutes efficiency was reduced at seventy eight point nine percent browse the index was five point three per hour stage R. sleep latency was normal at one hundred twenty nine nets he said angrily absence of stage N. three sleep stage R. sleep was reduced %HESITATION alpha intrusions seizure cheer parasomnias attacks next paragraph in oxygen saturation during sleep was eighty nine percent saturation next is three point eight per hour H. I. during supine sleep was five point two per hour heart rate was eighty nine beats per minute frequent PVCs with bigeminy were noted ",
  "next paragraph respiratory events consisted of three apneas and twelve hypopneas H. I. during non supine stage R. sleep was one point seven per hour press the most strength sleep were noted with an index of thirty four point three per hour CMS sash arousal index was normal at one point three per hour next paragraph bipap titration was informed bipap therapy was initiated at IPAP seven centimeters slash ",
  "he tapped three centimeters H. two O. pressure and gradually increased iPad ",
  "seventeen centimeter slash P. tab thirteen salaries HDL at this pressure respiratory events and desaturations were reduced apnea hypopnea index was one point one per hour after titration hemostasis saturation of the ten percent expire interpretation this area the presence of obstructive sleep apnea patient tolerated bipap therapy well and appeared to be effective therapy bipap titration was adequate given the absence of supine stage R. sleep ",
  "prolonged oxygen desaturations were noted suggestive of under car underlying cardiopulmonary disease aside with the patient's imagination reduction positional therapy one block hall staff uses recommended caution while operating machinery and driving is advised the awful transplanted this time appears to be with bipap therapy at hi past seventeen centimeters slash untapped thirteen centimeters H. two O. pressure he denies occasional use for patient comfort and compliance A respironics full face mask was used for administration of positive pressure therapy for the indicated nightly use of bipap therapy is suggested six five ",
  "without ",
  "presence of %HESITATION prolonged %HESITATION oxygen desaturations despite bipap therapy %HESITATION not not nocturnal ",
  "overnight ",
  "pulse oximetry at home is suggested to determine %HESITATION nocturnal oxygen needs completing %HESITATION %HESITATION "
]