The physician dictating on the patient date Month DD, YYYY medical record XXX-XXX-XXX. Medical status patient was seen and examined on rounds. She continues to make progress in all therapeutic areas. She is tolerating physical therapy and occupational therapy. Review of systems she complains of back pain. She voices no other new complaints. Remainder of the fourteen-point review of systems essentially are negative. On exam frail elderly white female, in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure is blood pressure is 141/83, temperature 97.2, heart rate 82. HEENT extraocular motions are intact. Mucous membranes are moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi or crepitus. No wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs or extra sounds. Abdomen soft nontender. No organomegaly. Extremities with trace edema in the lower extremities. Spine minimal lumbosacral paraspinal tenderness noted. Diffuse neurologic diffuse weakness at the hips and knees with give way weakness of 4/5 muscle strength noted. Labs labs pro-time 21.6, INR 1.9. Sodium 134, potassium 4.2, chloride 95, CO2 32, glucose 88, BUN 11, creatinine 0.66. WBC 7.8, hemoglobin 11.3, hematocrit 33.0. Assessment number one T12 compression fracture with retropulsion and fragments managed with Miacalcin nasal spray and Os-Cal D. Number two thoracolumbar spondylosis with myelopathy and lower extremity weakness. Number three a number three paroxysmal atrial fibrillation rate controlled on Coreg and digoxin. Number four chronic anticoagulation secondary to atrial fibrillation, managed with Coumadin. INR is 1.9. Number five hypertension, managed with multidrug regimen. Number six hypercholesterolemia, managed with statin. Number seven coronary artery disease with history of myocardial infarct, managed with aspirin, statin and Coumadin therapy. Number nine diffuse osteoarthritis number sorry number eight diffuse osteoarthritis. Number nine cataracts status post lens replacements. Number ten hyponatremia, much improved. Sodium is now 134. Plan I felt that the patient will benefit from continued inpatient rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living the physician thank you very much.
