The patient is seen today on rounds. He is a very pleasant 75-year-old Caucasian male who has recently been admitted from Hospital Name, where he was admitted for CHF and CVA with late effects of atrial fibrillation and dementia. He has been transferred on to Hospital Name where he will continue on with long-term care. The patient is confused. He is unable to participate in review of systems. Past medical history is significant for dementia, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, CVA, atrial fibrillation, congestive heart failure, diabetes mellitus, anemia, and BPH. Surgical history includes pacemaker placement and history of head surgery. Allergies none known. Social history the patient previously lived in city, state with his wife. The patient smoked previously. He has previously used a rolling walker. Family history noncontributory to age and presentation. Medication list notable for medication list for acetaminophen, acidophilus, Claritin, Detrol, glipizide. glucagon, Glucerna, Humalog, [skip] metoprolol, Norvasc, Restoril, senna. Review of systems limited by dementia. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure 133/63, pulse 82, respirations 20. He is afebrile. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm make that is irregularly irregular. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is soft, nondistended, nontender with positive bowel sounds x4. Extremities no edema, clubbing, or cyanosis of the extremities noted. Skin no rashes noted. Assessment number one CVA with late effects. Next number dementia. Next number congestive heart failure. Next number diabetes mellitus type 2. Next number BPH. Next number debility. Plan continue long-term care. Monitor potassium in the past it was low. I would like to change medications above to change, redo all of them the first should be, Dulcolax, then Celexa, then Proscar, then  gabapentin and galantamine then hydrochlorothiazide, then Lipitor, then lisinopril, then metoprolol, then Norvasc, then KCl, then Pradaxa, then Robitussin, then tramadol, then Zyrtec. Plan continue anticoagulation. Continue therapy. Monitor blood pressure overtime. Await baseline laboratory.
