The physician dictating on the patient date Month DD, YYYY medical record XXX-XXX-XXX. Medical status patient was seen and examined on rounds. She is making slow, but steady progress in all therapeutic areas. She is tolerating physical therapy, occupational therapy and speech therapy. Review of systems she complains of tremor and weakness. She voices no other new complaints. Remainder of the 14-point review of systems essentially are negative. On exam pleasant female in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure is 132/67, temperature 98.2, heart rate 82. HEENT extraocular motions intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi or crepitus. No wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs. No extra sounds. Abdomen soft, nontender. No organomegaly. P E G site is clean without erythema, no drainage. Extremities with trace edema in the lower extremities. Spine without paraspinal muscle tenderness. Neurologic severe resting tremor noted. Cogwheeling noted on range of motion of the upper extremities. Decreased sensation in stocking distribution. Labs sodium 144, potassium 3.4, chloride 107, CO2 of 25, glucose 98, BUN 34, creatinine 0.6, glucose 98, WBC 6.0, hemoglobin 12.5, hematocrit 36.9. Assessment Parkinson’s disease with exacerbation and decline in functional status, managed with Sinemet 75/300 four times daily. We have increased this to five times daily per the physician from Neurology Services the physician. Number two hypertension, managed with multidrug regimen. Number three diabetes mellitus type 2 with neurologic manifestations. Number four diabetic neuropathy, managed with Neurontin. Number five hyperlipidemia, managed with statin. Number six history of cerebrovascular accident with late effects of dysphagia. Number seven dysphagia, status post P E G tube placement, managed with a ground diet and nectar thick liquids with P E G tube supplementations. Number eight depression and anxiety disorder, managed with Lexapro and anxiolytics as needed. Plan it is felt that the patient will benefit from continued inpatient rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility, occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living and speech therapy for cognitive and swallow rehabilitation the patient thank you very much.
