The patient is seen today on rounds. She has recently been readmitted to Hospital Name. She was recently admitted to Hospital Name with decline in functional status, dehydration, and a known dialysis patient. She is known to me in the outpatient world and is seen through our office. She has seen decline in functional status over time and has now been admitted to Hospital Name. Past medical history is significant for AAA history of AAA, polyneuropathy, allergic rhinitis, anemia, asthma, hypertension, congestive heart failure, seizure disorder, dementia, dialysis status, diabetes mellitus type 2, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, if not already mentioned gait abnormality, generalized weakness, nausea, osteoarthritis, and history of poor appetite. Surgical history includes dialysis catheter placement and hysterectomy. Social history the patient is a former smoker. She uses caffeine one serving a day. She does not abuse alcohol. Family history pertinent for colon cancer and gout. Medication list notable for amitriptyline, atorvastatin, calcium supplement, Plavix, hydralazine, Keppra, metoprolol, cinacalcet, and Tylenol. Review of systems the patient denies chest pain. She denies cough or sputum production. She denies melena or hematochezia. She denies abdominal discomfort. Review of systems otherwise negative. Physical examination vital signs blood pressure 126/87, pulse 86, respirations 16, temperature 97.6 degrees. HEENT No JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen soft, nondistended, nontender. Extremities no edema or clubbing or cyanosis of the extremities noted. Skin no rashes noted. Assessment number one hypertension. Next number decline in functional status. Next number end-stage renal disease, on dialysis. Next number seizure disorder. Next number hyperlipidemia. Next number diabetes mellitus type 2. Next number neuropathy. Next number anemia of chronic disease. Next number osteoarthritis. Next number history of weight loss. Next number malnutrition. Next number full code status. Plan monitor weight. Continue outpatient dialysis care. We will restart Neurontin I am sorry Lyrica. Continue adequate blood pressure control therapy to start here. The physician ending this dictation.
