
The patient is a very pleasant 87-year-old Caucasian female who is known to me from long term nursing home care. She has recently been discharged from Hospital Name for a questionable GI bleed. She was not diagnosed with GI bleed while there. She was noted to have altered mental status, though, she does have baseline dementia which makes this difficult to elicit. She was diagnosed with urinary tract infection and has been placed on antibiotics. There was some conjecture that she may have had GI bleed, but endoscopy was not undertaken. She has now been readmitted to Hospital Name. She remains on antibiotics. She was diagnosed with clinical sepsis while there. Past medical history significant for advanced dementia. Urinary tract infection. History of gait instability with history of multiple falls. History of multiple fractures secondary to falls. History of gastritis. History of dysphagia. History of hypertension. History of iron-deficiency anemia. History of atrial ablation. History of muscle weakness generalized in a generalized fashion. History of hip fracture. Allergies to codeine, Fioricet, guaifenesin, Demerol and Keflex. Social history the patient is a chronic nursing home resident. Medication list notable for  Amlodipine. Aspirin. Atorvastatin. Augmentin. Lovenox. Med Pass. Metoprolol. MiraLax. Namenda. Prilosec. Simethicone. Synthroid. Tylenol. Zoloft. Review of systems limited by dementia. Physical examination vital signs blood pressure 135/72, pulse 71, respirations 18, temperature 98.1 degrees. HEENT No JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen soft, nondistended, nontender. Extremities no edema noted. Skin no rashes noted. Laboratory from the hospital reviewed. Laboratory from the 29th or from 28th shows TSH of 4.57 that was actually from the 22nd. Laboratory obtained on the 29th was incomplete. Assessment number one history of possible recent GI bleed. No endoscopy undertaken. Treated conservatively. Next number History of multiple falls with history of multiple fractures. Next number Dementia. Next number History of recent urinary tract infection. Next number History of recent sepsis. Next number Paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. Next number Depression. Next number Anemia. Next number History of iron deficiency. Next number Hypertension. Next number Dysphagia. Next number Debility. Plan monitor CBC over time. Complete antibiotics. Continue therapy. Avoid falls as able.
