The patient was recently admitted to the Hospital Name with altered mental status and congestive heart failure. He was diuresed. He was noted to have bradycardia. Multiple medication changes were made. He was transitioned from Eliquis to Coumadin. He has been resumed on Eliquis since admission. It is unclear in the records why Eliquis was transitioned to Coumadin. He did undergo echocardiogram. He did not undergo further studies. The patient was diagnosed with pneumonia while there. He was placed on oral antibiotics. He is known to have multiple medical issues, dysphagia and history of need for PEG tube PEG tube placement, it was apparently not addressed. He was noted to be DNR He was noted to be DNR while there. The patient was readmitted to the Hospital Name on diuretics. Eliquis has been restarted on admission here. Today he had significant make that Eliquis has been restarted here. He has had significant problems with ability to maintain a therapeutic INR in the past and this has been reason for resumption of Eliquis {period} today

Today, while in the therapy gym, he desatted. He has required placement of oxygen at 3 liters, oxygen status is now stable. He has seen bradycardia recur. He has been in the 50s and he has dropped to the 40s on one or two occasions. He denies any chest pain. He is awake and alert and he is at his baseline mental status. Bradycardia was not an issue at the hospital as well. He did see adjustment of medications including discontinuation of beta-blocker and stoppage of digoxin. There is fear that he has re-aspirated, of course this is an ongoing issue as he has known dysphagia and has signed a waiver to eat. Past medical history significant for atrial fibrillation. History of pulmonary embolism. History of difficult to control INR, on Coumadin. Next number History of dysphagia. Next number History of PEG tube placement with patient self-removal of PEG tube. Next number Congestive heart failure, acute on chronic. Next number Dementia. Next number Parkinsonism. Next number Bipolar disorder. Next number Hypertension. Next number GERD. Next number Recurrent pneumonia. Next number Depression. Next number Bradycardia. Next number History of arrhythmia. Next number History of hypokalemia. Allergies none known. Social history the patient is a chronic nursing home resident. He is married. Family history noncontributory to age and presentation. Review of systems limited by dementia. The patient appears comfortably, he is at his baseline mental status. Physical examination vital signs pulse 54, respirations 18, blood pressure 100/50. HEENT No JVD noted. Heart bradycardic, regular. Lungs decreased breath sounds at the bases. Abdomen soft, nondistended, nontender. Extremities trace edema noted pretibially. Skin no rashes noted. Assessment number one recent pneumonia. Next number Significant dysphagia. Next number Relative hypotension, stabilized now. Next number Hypoxia. Next number Recent diagnosis of pneumonia. Next number Bradycardia in the setting of atrial fibrillation. Next number Parkinsonism. Next number History of pulmonary embolism. Next number Chronic anticoagulation with inability to maintain therapeutic INR thus on Eliquis. Next number Bipolar disorder. Next number Dementia if not mentioned. Next number Congestive heart failure. Plan continue oxygen support. Continue antibiotics. We will check a chest x-ray chest x-ray today. Check BMP and CBC today. We would encourage oral intake for the time being given his relatively low blood pressure. I have asked staff to monitor him closely and that if he decompensates further, will need transition back to the Emergency Room. Continue Augmentin for the time being. I have asked him to hold sedating medications in the for now, possibly this is leading to subsequent bradycardia. We will also ask staff to check magnesium and TSH the physician ending this dictation.


