The patient was recently admitted to Hospital Name after a fall with subsequent left intertrochanteric hip fracture. Patient was evaluated by the physician and has undergone surgery for repair. Patient did have postoperative problems with confusion. He does have longstanding history of dementia. He has now been readmitted to Hospital Name. He is chronically on anticoagulation secondary to atrial fibrillation and remains on Pradaxa at this time. He is on Norco for pain control. He appears comfortable lying in bed. He was also treated for urinary tract infection while at the facility. The patient denies new complaints today. Dementia does limit review of systems. Past medical history of significant for gait instability, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, CVA, hyperlipidemia, neuropathy, depression, dementia, congestive heart failure, atrial fibrillation, BPH, and GERD. Surgical history recent left hip fracture surgery. Social history patient does not smoke or drink. Family history noncontributory to age and presentation. Allergies no known drug allergies. Medications list notable for Amitiza, ampicillin, bisacodyl, Celexa, Drisdol, finasteride, gabapentin, galantamine, hydrochlorothiazide, Lipitor, lisinopril, metoprolol, nicotine patch, Norco, Norvasc, KCl, Pradaxa, Robitussin DM, tramadol, and Zyrtec. Review of systems patient denies hip pain. He denies chest pain. He denies cough or sputum production. He denies melena, hematochezia. Review of systems otherwise negative. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure is [skip] pulse is 85, respirations 15. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart irregularly irregular. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is soft, nondistended, nontender with positive bowel sounds x4. Extremities no edema or clubbing or cyanosis of the extremities is noted. Skin no rashes noted. Laboratory from Harris reviewed. Assessment number one hip fracture status post repair. Next number Pradaxa anticoagulation. Next number atrial fibrillation. Next number diabetes mellitus type 2. Next number hypertension. Next number hyperlipidemia. Next number blood loss anemia. Next number dementia have none mention. Next number debility. Plan continue therapy continue anticoagulation. Monitor CBC in regards to anemia. Continue therapy.
