The patient is seen today on rounds. She has recently been admitted to the hospital Southwest with sepsis secondary to left lower lobe pneumonia. She was noted to have pleural effusion in addition to the pneumonia. The patient has seen significant treatment including IV antibiotics and required stay in the intensive care setting. She was followed by pulmonary medicine, infectious disease, and by and and is now on oral antibiotics in the way of Augmentin. The patient is awake and alert on my visit. She appears comfortable. She denies any chest pain. She denies any cough. She denies sputum production. Review of systems otherwise negative. Past medical history significant for hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, history of CVA with hemiparesis on the right, history of urinary tract infection, history of foot wound, history of peripheral vascular disease. Surgical history includes wound debridement and below-the-knee amputation on the left. Social history patient was a previous smoker. She does not abuse alcohol. She has been a nursing home resident. Allergies to iodine and shellfish. Family history noncontributory to age and presentation. Medications list notable for acetaminophen, Acidophilus, albuterol, aspirin, Augmentin, Colace, gabapentin, glucagon, Norco, Lexapro, lisinopril, magic mouthwash, metformin, metoprolol, milk of magnesia, multivitamin, Norvasc, sliding scale insulin, NovoLog, Zofran, polyethylene glycol, and tramadol. Review of systems patient denies chest pain. She denies cough. She denies sputum production. She denies fevers or chills. She remains full code. Review of systems otherwise negative. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure 136/74, respirations 18, pulse 87. Blood pressure 1 blood pressure has been mention. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is soft, nondistended, nontender. Extremities lower extremity amputation noted. Laboratory pending, that from the hospital reviewed. 
Assessment number one pneumonia with associated sepsis and associated pleural effusion. Next number diabetes mellitus type 2. Next number CVA by history. Next number hemiparesis. Next number peripheral vascular disease. Next number hypertension. Next number significant debility. Plan continue [skip] continue therapy as tolerated. Complete oral antibiotics. Obtain baseline laboratory. Monitor for any signs or symptoms of dysphasia. The physician end in this dictation.


