Medical status patient was seen and examined on rounds. He continues to make progress in all therapeutic areas. He is tolerating three hours of therapy daily no he is tolerating physical therapy and occupational therapy. Review of systems he complains of left shoulder pain. He voices no other new complains. Remainder of the 14-point review of system is essentially negative. On exam pleasant male in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure 135/67, temperature 98.4, heart rate 72. HEENT extraocular motions are intact. Mucous membranes are moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi, crepitus, or wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs. No extra sounds. Abdomen soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Extremities trace edema in the lower extremities. Spine without paraspinal tenderness. Neurologic alert and cooperative. No focal motor deficits noted. Antalgic weakness noted above the left shoulder. Assessment no I am sorry labs sodium 144, potassium 4.0, chloride 108, CO2 32, glucose 142, BUN 10, creatinine 0.81, WBC 7.2, hemoglobin 11.5, hematocrit 34.5. Assessment number one left shoulder dislocation with humeral intact humeral head fracture, treated conservatively with Codman exercises and left shoulder sling. Number two left shoulder pain secondary to fracture, managed with lidocaine patch and Norco as needed. Number three cardiovascular prophylaxis managed with Plavix and statin. Number four coronary artery disease with history of coronary artery bypass graft times three vessels. Number five hypertension, managed with multidrug regimen. Number six hyperlipidemia, managed with diet and statin. Number seven diabetes mellitus type 2 with neurologic manifestation. Number eight diabetic neuropathy, managed without neuropathic medication. Number nine DVT prophylaxis, completed with Lovenox. Plan I felt that the patient will benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living. Patient should be ready for discharge to home soon the physician thank you very much.
