The patient is seen today on rounds. She has been readmitted to Hospital Name after an Acute Care Hospital stay where she was noted to have increasing lethargy and tailbone pain. The patient was evaluated, felt to have altered mental status, this may have been a medication effect. No CNS issues were noted. The patient was noted to have small intracranial hemorrhage. Neurosurgery did see the patient. She was also noted to have history of AAA repair with endoleak, treated medically. The patient has reverted to a normal medical status without further intervention and has now been readmitted to Hospital Name. She has been started on Norco for pain. A prescription will be needed. She says that it is helping her pain. She was dialyzed in the hospital. Past medical history significant end-stage renal disease, on dialysis, history of AAA with endoleak, history of hypertension, history of diabetes, history of anemia, history of chronic pain. Social history patient does not smoke or drink. She lives with family members. Family history patient is not [skip] age and presentation. Allergies no known drug allergies. Medication list notable for amitriptyline, atorvastatin, calcium supplement, clopidogrel, Flonase, hydralazine, Norco, Keppra, Lyrica, metoprolol, ProAir, Sensipar, Tylenol, Vitamin D3, and Zofran. Please in end in medical history please add seizure disorder and hypertension [skip]. Review of systems the patient denies chest pain. She denies cough. She is at baseline mental status. She denies any headache. She denies minimal hematochezia. She denies diarrhea or constipation. Review of systems otherwise negative. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure 154/85, pulse 75. She is afebrile. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is soft, nondistended, nontender with positive bowel sounds x4. Extremities no edema, clubbing, or cyanosis of the extremities noted. Skin no rashes noted. Assessment number one history of fall. Next number history of altered mental status, unclear etiology. Next number history of abnormal imaging study of the brain with a small [skip] small 6 mm focus of hyperdensity in the left parietal lobe, which is new and may reflect small parenchymal hemorrhage. Patient was evaluated by a neurosurgery while there. Next number end-stage renal disease, on dialysis. Next number history of chronic pain. Next number osteoarthritis. Next number hyperlipidemia. Next number hypertension. Next number debility. Plan resume therapy here, monitor and alleviate falls as able. Continue adequate pain control. Norco prescription will be we written today. If it makes her lethargic, this will need to be stopped. Continue dialysis care. I appreciate the consult. This is the physician ending this dictation.
