The patient is seen today on rounds. She is seen at request of the physicianl. She is a pleasant 79-year-old Caucasian female who has been admitted to the hospital. She is known to have history of COPD and takes 2 to 3 L of oxygen at home. She is currently on 3 L. She is also noted to have atrial fibrillation, coronary artery disease, hypertension, congestive heart failure, hyperlipidemia and anxiety. She has had intermittent shortness of breath while here. She does not like to use albuterol as [skip] significantly it gives her significant side effects. She denies any chest pain or fever. She does remain on albuterol nebulized and is taking it when needed. She also takes Brovana and also takes [skip] takes Spiriva inhaled. Past medical history significant for COPD, history of muscle spasm, atrial fibrillation, congestive heart failure type unspecified, history of coronary artery disease, anxiety, vitamin D deficiency, chronic pain and generalized muscle weakness. Medications list notable for albuterol, Xanax, aspirin, Brovana, clonidine, Coreg, cyclobenzaprine, ergocalciferol, gabapentin, ibuprofen, Atrovent, Spiriva, Voltaren. Allergies no known drug allergies. Social history patient does not currently smoke or drink. Family history noncontributory to age and presentation. Review of systems patient denies any chest pain. She has intermittent shortness of breath. She denies any cough or sputum production. She denies any chills or sweats. Review of systems otherwise negative. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure 139/72, pulse 80, respirations 20. She is afebrile. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is soft, nondistended, nontender with positive bowel sounds times 4. Extremities no edema, or clubbing or cyanosis of extremities is noted. Skin no rashes noted. Laboratory none new. Assessment number one COPD with exacerbation. Next number [skip] COPD [skip] with exacerbation. Next number hypertension. Next number hyperlipidemia. Next number coronary artery disease. Next number congestive heart failure. Next number anxiety. Next number intolerance to albuterol. Plan if she shows intolerance of current breathing treatments we will switched to Xopenex. Obtain CBC and BMP in the morning. If she has significant wheezing, we would add steroids. Continue Brovana for now along with Spiriva. She probably does not need Atrovent in the setting of Spiriva. Continue oxygen as needed. The physician ending this dictation.
