She is a pleasant 77-year-old Caucasian female who is known to me from previous hospitalization. She is known to have cryptogenic cirrhosis and required paracentesis with removal of some 7 L of fluid in the last three to four weeks. [skip] she was transferred to the hospital thereafter and did quite well while there. Now, she is transferred to the hospital for continued skilled level care. She has developed a weight gain and increased edema of the legs and also has a ankle wound and fracture, [skip] also has a history of ankle fracture. The patient has weeping of her extremities at times. She is significantly more edematous than I saw her last. She is not particularly short of breath. She denies any chest discomfort. Review of systems otherwise negative. Past medical history significant for pneumonia which is a recent diagnosis since admission here. She is on oral antibiotics. History of esophageal esophageal varices, history of cryptogenic cirrhosis, history of ascites, history of nausea, history of hypertension. Surgical history patient's had a recent paracentesis. Social history patient does not smoke or drink. Family history noncontributory to age and presentation. Medication list notable for Arginaid, Benadryl, Claritin, Decubi-Vite, Lasix, gabapentin, DuoNeb updraft, [skip], Levaquin, Synthroid, melatonin, Prilosec, promethazine, spironolactone, tramadol. Social history are [skip]. Allergies to codeine, penicillin and sulfa. She does tolerate Lasix. Review of systems patient had weight gain. She has had edema. She has had cough. She is not feeling more short of breath today. She has recently diagnosed with pneumonia. She denies chest discomfort. Review of systems otherwise negative. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure 111/62, pulse 80, respirations 18. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is obese, distended with some ascites. No no guarding or rebound. Bowel sounds are active times 4. Extremities 1 2+ edema of lower extremities pretibially. Right leg wound is a [skip] ankle wound is covered. Laboratory most recent CBC showed hemoglobin of 11.1, hematocrit 10.2 [skip] white blood cell count of 10200. A most recent CMP showed sodium of 124. Potassium 4.6. Assessment number one significant hyponatremia. Next number cirrhosis. Next number weight gain, Next number ankle fracture. Next number history of recent pneumonia. Next number debility. Plan we will increase Lasix. Continue Aldactone. We will check will be unable to obtain urine electrolytes while on Lasix. She may may benefit from salt pills though this may make edema worse. For now, we will increase Lasix and monitor sodium closely. We will also check a TSH. The physician ending this dictation.
