
The patient is seen today on rounds. He is seen at the request of physician. He is known to me from recent admission to hospital, where he was admitted after suffering ground level fall with humeral fracture. This was treated conservatively. He did improve in therapy while there, improved in functionality and improved in ability to perform activities of daily living, but still saw some need for further therapy. He is now been transitioned on to hospital for skilled level care. He denies new complaints today. He denies any chest pain, shortness of breath or sputum production. Past medical history significant for diabetes mellitus type 2, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, gait instability, coronary artery disease, CVA, history of fall. Social history patient lives at home with his wife. He does no smoke or drink. Allergies no known drug allergies. Medication list notable for atenolol, atorvastatin, verapamil, Colace, lisinopril, [skip], metformin, MiraLax, omeprazole, omeprazole, oxybutynin, Plavix, and tramadol. Family history noncontributory to age and presentation. Review of systems patient denies shortness of birth. He denies chest pain. He denies dizziness. He denies headache. He denies nausea. He denies abdominal pain. He denies diarrhea or constipation. He denies edema. He denies joint ache. Review of systems is otherwise negative. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure not available [skip] pulse 85, respirations 15. Most recent blood sugar 136. Weight 146. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen soft, nondistended, nontender. Extremities right arm in a sling. No edema noted. Skin no rashes noted. Neuro no focal deficit appreciated. Laboratory sodium 144, potassium 4.0, chloride 108, bicarb 32, glucose 142, BUN 10, creatinine 0.81. White blood cell count 7200, hemoglobin 11.5, hematocrit 34.5%. Platelet count 27000. Assessment number one fall with humeral fracture, treated conservatively. Next number hypertension. Next number diabetes mellitus type 2, fairly well controlled. Next number hyperlipidemia. Next number history of CVA. Next number coronary artery disease. Next number gait instability. Next number mild anemia. Plan continue therapy here. Monitor blood pressure overtime. Monitor Accu-Cheks overtime. Glucophage is relatively new medication for the patient. We will continue to monitor BMP in regards to his usage. Continue therapy. I appreciate the consultation. We will follow up with you.
