The patient is known to me from recent admission Hospital Name. There he was admitted after suffering bilateral patellar tendon rupture with repair by the physician. This was suffered during a basketball game. He was also noted to have testicular pain, which prompted referral to Urology. He was at one point noted to have a syncopal episode and was sent to the Hospital Name and was diagnosed with vasovagal syncope and anxiety attack. There he was noted to have testicular pain and was referred on to Urology. He has since seen hospital and a CT done, which questioned adrenal mass. The physician has requested 24-hour urine for workup of pheochromocytoma. The patient has ongoing follow up with the physician and has MRIs of the knees scheduled bilaterally. This was done after a slip when his shoe caught on the floor at Hospital Name. MRIs were still pending. He has had recent anxiety. He denies any chest pain or shortness of breath currently. Review of systems otherwise negative. Past medical history significant for obesity, hypertension, and anxiety. Social history patient does not smoke or drink. Family history noncontributory to age and presentation. Allergies to morphine. Medication list pertinent for Colace, Flexeril, Norco, Xanax, and Xarelto. Surgical history includes recent bilateral patellar tendon repair. Review of systems the patient denies constipation. He denies chest pain. He has intermittent anxiety. He has pain. He denies any fevers, chills, or sweats. Otherwise negative. Physical examination vital signs pulse 85, respirations 15. HEENT No JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen obese, soft, nondistended, nontender. Extremities Steri-Strips cover both knees. There is no surrounding cellulitis. Skin no rashes noted. Neuro no focal deficits noted. Laboratory is pending from Hospital Name reviewed. Assessment number one status post bilateral patellar tendon rupture. Next number Obesity. Next number Anxiety. Next number Possible adrenal mass. Next number History of bilateral hydroceles. Next number History of testicular pain improved. Next number Anxiety. Plan followup with the physician. Follow up with the physician. I will need to obtain 24-hour urine. Continue Xanax and anticoagulation for now. I appreciate consultation, will follow up with you.
