
The patient is seen today on rounds, seen at request of staff. He has had two small areas of breakdown noticed at his abdominal wall fold, the area is moist. There is mild evidence of yeast. Wounds are approximately 2 mm in diameter. They are superficial. They are not bleeding. There is no surrounding cellulitis. He is also seen in review of his laboratory today and has been noted to have normal potassium level. His breathing is within normal limits. He did require transfer to the emergency room last Thursday for urinary make that for catheter that was nonfunctioning. He has had his catheter replaced at his urologist that the morning of this transfer, it was switched out in the ER and has now been functioning adequately. He denies any dysuria, fevers, chills or sweats. Review of systems otherwise negative. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure 152/73, pulse 54, respirations 16. HEENT no JVD noted. HEART let us go back to vitals strike that blood pressure say pulse is 80, respirations 15. HEENT no JVD noted. HEART regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is soft, obese, nondistended, nontender. Mild yeast noted in the folds of the abdominal wall. This area is moist and again has the aforementioned breakdown. Extremities trace edema noted pretibially. Skin no rash otherwise noted. Laboratory is reviewed. Potassium within normal limits. Assessment number one yeast infection. Next number breakdown at side of abdominal folds. Next number congestive heart failure. Next number history of nephrolithiasis. Next number history of urinary retention status post change of Foley catheter. Next number history of dementia. Next number diabetes mellitus type 2. Next number hypertension. Next number obesity. Plan continue to monitor potassium in regards to history of significant hypokalemia and recurrent hypokalemia. We would have him follow up with the physician in regards to nephrolithiasis that is his usual urologist. Monitor for any signs or symptoms of UTI. I have asked staff to perform local wound care and use nystatin as needed.
