
The patient is known to me from recent admission at Hospital Name. He is a pleasant 88-year-old Hispanic male who was admitted to Hospital Name with decline in functional status. He did develop significant dehydration, moderate renal insufficiency and recurrent hyperkalemia. He was evaluated by Nephrology and did receive Kayexalate on multiple [skip] on multiple days due to significant hyperkalemia. He is not on any nephrotoxic medications nor potassium increasing medications. He has been limited to a strict low potassium diet. He is known to have history of dementia, hypertension, chronic pain, diabetes mellitus which is extremely labile in nature and history of urinary tract infection. Today his review of systems is limited by dementia. Physical make that past medical history is significant for that mentioned above. Surgical history includes nephrectomy. Patient has solitary kidney. Medication list notable for acetaminophen, Aranesp, also add anemia of chronic disease to his admitting diagnoses or make them to his past medical history, Aricept continues this medication list. Next medication is Lasix, sliding scale insulin with NovoLog. Social history patient does not smoke or drink. Allergies no known drug allergies. Family history noncontributory to age on presentation. Review of systems limited by dementia. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure 156/80, pulse 70, respirations 20. He is afebrile. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is soft, nondistended, nontender. Extremities no edema noted. Skin no rashes noted. Assessment number one recurrent hyperkalemia. Next number history of renal insufficiency. Last [skip] creatinine at Hospital Name was much closer within normal limits at approximately 1.5. Next number dementia. Next number labile diabetes mellitus with widely varying sugars {slash} brittle diabetes mellitus. Next number dementia if already mentioned. Next number failure to thrive. Next number debility. Plan he will need frequent BMP would do such on Mondays and Thursdays would have standing order for a Kayexalate given. He needs to maintain a low potassium diet, this is absolutely required to avoid problems we will try to manage sugars as best as able. It has been a quite a battle given the lability of his blood sugar readings to such a point that he has been maintained on sliding-scale only. I appreciate the consultation. We will follow with you.
