Medical status patient was seen and examined on rounds. He continues to make slow but steady progress in all therapeutic areas. He has been followed by speech therapy who feels he has severe dysphagia with aspiration and has recommended an n.p.o. status. Family is considering hospice and feeding way versus P E G tube. Review of systems he believes he has no new complaints. He feels he can swallow fine. The remainder of the 14-point review of systems essentially negative. On exam, cachectic appearing male in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure is 140/80, temperature 98.2, heart rate 72. HEENT extraocular motions intact. Mucous membranes are moist without lesions. Necks supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi, crepitus, no wheezing. Heart ready heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs, no extra sounds. Abdomen soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Extremities with 1+ edema with venostasis changes noted. Spine without paraspinal muscle tenderness. Neurologic alert and cooperative. He is disoriented. Labs sodium 144, potassium 4.8, chloride 112, CO2 25, BUN 41, creatinine 1.65, glucose 146. WBC 6.3, hemoglobin 9.2, hematocrit 27.2. Assessment traumatic brain injury with loss of consciousness for less than 30 minutes. Number two post-concussive syndrome. Speech therapy is following for cognitive and language rehabilitation. Number three diabetes mellitus type 2 with neurologic manifestations. Number four diabetic polyneuropathy, managed without neuropathic medication. Number four hypertension, managed with Lasix. Number six cachexia with failure to thrive. Nutrition the dietician following for nutritional support. Number seven asthmatic bronchitis, managed with inhaled steroids and bronchodilators. Number eight acute on chronic renal insufficiency, creatinine is 1.6. We will follow labs. Number nine dysphagia. Speech is recommended speech therapy is recommending n.p.o. Family is deciding on a on a feeding tube. Number 10 hyperkalemia, resolved. Potassium is 4.8. Plan it is felt that the patient will benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living. The Physician thank you very much.
