
The patient is seen today on rounds. She is seen make that she is in followup from Hospital Name where she has been admitted with CVA with dysphagia and aphasia. She is known to have insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and hypertension as risk factors. She has been placed on a modified diet which is essentially pureed with nectar-thick liquids. She says that she is having trouble in taking fluids with such restrictions in place. She does seem more vibrant and potent since I visited with her last. Her voice is stronger. She denies new complaints otherwise. Review of systems otherwise negative. Past medical history is significant for diabetes mellitus type 2, hypertension. Allergies no known drug allergies. Social history the patient does not smoke or drink. Family history noncontributory to age and presentation. Medication list notable for Anusol suppository, aspirin, lactobacillus, Levemir, lisinopril, loratadine, metoprolol and simvastatin. Please add to past medical history hyperlipidemia. Review of systems patient denies chest pain. She denies cough. She denies fevers, chills or sweats. She does have trouble swallowing. This is improving. Voice has been stronger than it has been. Review of systems otherwise negative. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure 143/95, pulse 99, blood sugar 213. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is soft, obese, nondistended, and nontender. Extremities no edema or clubbing or cyanosis of the extremities noted. Skin no rashes noted. Laboratory previous recent Accu-Cheks 213. Assessment number one CVA. Next number aphasia. Next number dysphagia. Next number diabetes mellitus, type 2. Next number hyperlipidemia. Next number allergic rhinitis. Next number history of URI. Plan continue speech therapy. Continue physical therapy, occupational therapy. Check CBC and BMP in the morning. Resume Accu-Cheks four times a day. Monitor for need for increased insulin therapy. Continue to monitor blood pressure for now. May need increase in blood pressure if blood pressure remains high.
