History is as follows the patient is a 66-year-old female who is well known to our service from an inpatient stay at Hospital Name from Month DD, YYYY until Month DD, YYYY. She originally woke up in the morning with nausea and vomiting and left-sided weakness. She was she had tried to get out of bed but was unable to. She was ended up on the floor for greater than 24 hours. She was seen by EMS and brought to the hospital. MRI revealed an acute versus subacute infarct in the left posterior inferior cerebellar artery. She was not a candidate for TPA. She was stabilized and transferred to Hospital Name on Month DD, YYYY. During her rehab hospitalization, she underwent physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living, speech therapy for cognitive and language rehabilitation. She has now been stabilized and is being discharged to she is being admitted to Hospital Name for subacute rehabilitation. Past medical history is significant for diabetes mellitus type 2 with neurologic manifestation, diabetic neuropathy, leukemoid reaction, nicotine or tobacco addiction and hyperlipidemia. Past surgical history none. Social history He lives she lives in an apartment in city alone. I am unsure who her family doctor is. Allergies no known drug allergies. Medications on admission include aspirin 81 mg q. day, clonidine 0.1 mg q. day, Benadryl q.6 hours as needed for itching, Flonase nasal spray two sprays each nostril q. day, Anusol suppositories as needed twice daily, Levemir insulin 70 units q.h.s., sliding scale NovoLog, acidophilus probiotic capsule twice daily, lisinopril 5 mg q. day, Claritin 10 mg q. day, melatonin 6 mg q.h.s., metoprolol 25 mg b.i.d., nitroglycerin 0.4 mg as needed for chest pain, Sudafed 60 mg q. 4 hours as needed, Zocor 20 mg q.h.s. Review of systems she complains of left-sided weakness and difficulty to swallow. She denies any nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, wheezing, shortness of breath, cough, chest pain, abdominal pain, back pain, neck pain, headaches, dizziness, fevers nor chills. She denies any dysuria the remainder of the 14 point review of systems is essentially negative. On exam overweight female in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure is 128/73, temperature 98.2, heart rate 99. HEENT extraocular motions intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi, crepitus, or wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs or extra sounds. Abdomen protuberant, soft, nontender, no organomegaly. Extremities with trace edema in the lower extremities. Spine without paraspinal tenderness. Neurologic mild left hemiparesis noted with ataxia. Decreased fine motor control noted in the left hand. Decreased sensation in a stocking distribution is noted. Labs sodium 140, potassium 4.2, chloride 102, CO2 29, glucose 156, BUN 11, creatinine 0.8, WBC 13.8, hemoglobin 14.3, hematocrit 42.4. Functional status is as follows left posterior and inferior cerebellar cerebrovascular accident. Number two mild or left-sided dysmetria with decreased fine motor control. Number three mild left hemiparesis. Number four diabetes mellitus type 2 with neurologic manifestation. Number five diabetic neuropathy managed without neuropathic medication. Number six hyperlipidemia managed with diet and Zocor. Number seven morbid obesity or obesity mild obesity. BMI is 26 kg/m2. Benefits of weight loss discussed with patient. Dietitian is following with it. Number eight dysphagia managed with puree diet and nectar thick liquids followed by speech therapy. Impaired mobility. Ambulating 15 feet with minimal-to-moderate assist with a rolling walker. Plan it is felt that the patient will benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living. The Physician thank you.
