The patient is seen today on rounds. She is drowsy. She has been readmitted from Hospital Name where she was seen for nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, acute on chronic renal insufficiency, and dehydration. She was admitted. She has seen IV fluids given. She was deemed appropriate for discharge and was transferred back to Hospital Name last evening ostensibly for skilled services. She is somewhat drowsy on admission. She is weakened from her recent hospitalization, it is apparent. She denies new complaints at this time. She is encouraged to drink any orally. Past medical history significant for anxiety, osteoarthritis, recurrent urinary tract infection, history of chest pain, history of chronic kidney disease stage III in nature, history of diabetes, diabetic neuropathy, diverticulosis, expressive aphasia, fatigue, hiatal hernia, hyperlipidemia, hyperglycemia, hypertension, hyponatremia, history of gait instability, history of sepsis, history of strike history of go to past surgical history includes tonsillectomy, hysterectomy, cholecystectomy, appendectomy, and breast lumpectomy. Social history patient is a chronic nursing home resident. She does not smoke or drink. Allergies to penicillin and Macrobid. Family history pertinent for diabetes and hypertension, diabetes in multiple family members and hypertension. Medication list notable for acetaminophen, aspirin, bisacodyl, Carafate, Claritin, Colace, cranberry extract, Colace, Levemir, Lipitor, loperamide, milk of magnesia make that strike milk of magnesia it is magnesium oxide, metoprolol, milk of magnesia, multivitamin with minerals, Neurontin, Norvasc, NovoLog sliding scale, omeprazole, Robitussin DM, Ultram, vitamin D3, Xanax, Zofran, and Zoloft. Review of systems patient appears comfortable. She denies dysuria. She is extremely fatigued. She denies any chest pain. She denies any cough or sputum production. Review of systems otherwise negative. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure 125/61, pulse 80, respirations 18. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is soft, nondistended, nontender. Extremities no edema or clubbing or cyanosis of the extremities is noted. Skin no rashes noted. Laboratory from here from Hospital Name. Assessment number one recent urinary tract infection. Next number 2.  history of nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea and dehydration. Next number acute on chronic kidney disease. Next number dementia. Next number gait abnormality. Next number diabetes mellitus. Next number GERD. Next number hypertension. Next number hyperlipidemia. Next number anxiety. Next number depression. Next number history of anemia. Next number history of debility. Plan she will need to be evaluated for skilled services, including physical therapy and occupational therapy. Would monitor Accu-Cheks and blood pressure over time. Monitor oral intake. This will have to be closely followed given her extreme weakness at this time. The physician ending this dictation.
