_________ is seen today on rounds. She has recently been admitted at Hospital 0010-0011 with pneumonia. She has seen returned to the facility now on oral Augmentin. She has been started on Norvasc along the way. Her mental status is better than it was on discharge. She does request discontinuation of Lyrica. She is known to have chronic back pain and has had multiple fractures including compression fractures of the spine. These were not new at last imaging study. She denies new complaints at this time. She still has back pain. Past medical history significant for pneumonia, atelectasis, CVA, coronary artery disease, history of colostomy, hypertension, hypoxia, leukocytosis, urinary tract infection, sepsis, history of acute renal failure, coronary artery disease, history of cataracts, history of DVT, history of CVA with right-sided weakness, history of cervical cancer, history of dysphagia, history of neuropathy. Surgical history includes hysterectomy, appendectomy, and colectomy with ostomy placement. Social history patient does not smoke or drink. She is a nursing home resident. Family history is pertinent for dementia and shingles. Medication list or make that allergies no known drug allergies. Medication list notable for acetaminophen, aspirin, Augmentin, cholecalciferol, make that Decubi-Vite, Diovan, ferrous sulfate, DuoNeb updrafts, lidocaine patch, Lyrica, melatonin, metoprolol, Miacalcin, MiraLax, Norco, Norvasc, Plavix, Simethicone, Tessalon Perles, dextromethorphan with guaifenesin, Zofran. Under past medical history I would like to add osteoarthritis and osteoporosis. Physical exam make that review of systems patient has back pain. She does request for discontinuation of Lyrica. She denies subjective shortness of breath. She denies any chest discomfort. She denies diarrhea or constipation. She denies melena or hematochezia. Review of systems is otherwise negative. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure 135/65, pulse 80, respirations 18. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is soft, nondistended, nontender. Ostomy in place. Extremities no edema or clubbing or cyanosis of the extremities is noted. Skin no rashes noted. Laboratory from Rehab Center pending that from Hospital reviewed. Assessment number one pneumonia with history of atelectasis on oral antibiotics. Next number chronic pain. Next number osteoporosis. Next number osteoarthritis. Next of history compression fracture. Next number history of dementia. Next number vitamin D deficiency. Next number coronary artery disease. Next number chronic kidney disease. Next number history of peripheral vascular disease. Next number hypertension. Next number history of atrial fibrillation. Next number chronic pain. Next number debility. Plan she will need evaluation by therapy services here. We will discontinue Lyrica. Check CBC and BMP again next week. Monitor for any evidence of dysphasia. Try to relieve pain without making her too sedated. This has been a significant problem in the past. Physician ending this dictation.
