The patient is seen today on rounds. She was recently admitted to Hospital Name with an acute encephalopathy, thought to be multifactorial. She had neurological workup, which included MRI of the brain, carotid Dopplers, and an echocardiogram. Metabolic workup was fairly normal. She is known to have end-stage renal disease and some of this may have been uremic in nature. The patient has now been readmitted to Hospital Name, where she continues therapy services. She remains on her Norco and on Lyrica. On readmission, we will need to carefully monitor use of these medications in the event that these were adding to her issues. She does say that she is in pain and requests her Norco during my visit. She denies any chest discomfort or shortness of breath at this time. Past medical history significant for end-stage renal disease; on dialysis, history of irregular heartbeat, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, congestive heart failure, migraine headaches, anemia, chronic kidney make that end-stage renal disease, obesity, diverticulosis, hemorrhoids, history of anemia; requiring blood transfusion, history of AAA, history of cardiomegaly, history of thrombocytopenia, history of SIRS, history of peripheral vascular disease, history of chronic leg pain, history of venous stasis, seizure disorder, CVA, hyperthyroidism, and encephalopathy. Surgical history includes hysterectomy, cholecystectomy I am sorry that is hysterectomy, colonoscopy, EGD, renal biopsy, Perm-A-Cath insertion, and cholecystectomy. Social history patient quit smoking in 2003. She smoked a pack of cigarettes a day for 20 years. She does not currently use alcohol. She drank prior to 2003. Family history is pertinent for diabetes in her father. Allergies no known drug allergies. Medications amitriptyline, atorvastatin, clopidogrel, Flonase, hydralazine, Norco, Keppra, Lyrica, metoprolol, Nepro, albuterol inhaler, Sensipar Sensipar, Tylenol, Zofran. Review of systems patient has generalized pain. She denies cough. She denies shortness of breath. She denies chest discomfort. She denies diarrhea or constipation. She denies abdominal pain. She denies worsened edema. Review of systems otherwise negative. Physical examination vital signs blood pressure 142/67, pulse 87, respirations 18. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is soft, nondistended, nontender. Extremities no edema or clubbing or cyanosis of the extremities are noted. Skin no rash noted. Assessment number one encephalopathy, resolved, questionable etiology, likely multifactorial. Next number end-stage renal disease, on dialysis. Next number diabetes mellitus type 2. Next number hypertension. Next number congestive heart failure. Next number peripheral vascular disease. Next number chronic pain. Next number history of seizure disorder. Plan continue current medications. Monitor for lethargy and evolving use of Norco or Lyrica. Continue therapy. Continue dialysis care. We will obtain lab work through her Dialysis Clinic. The physician ending this dictation.
