The patient is known to me from recent admission at Hospital Name where he was admitted with decline in functional status, gait instability, and history of dementia. He has now been transitioned on to Hospital Name for continued therapeutic measures. He still has a gait abnormality. He is known to have moderate dementia. He has known hypertension and known gastroesophageal reflux. He denies any chills or discomfort at this time. He has history of hyponatremia as well. Past medical history significant for gait abnormality, generalized muscle weakness, decline in functional activities of daily living, dementia, history of low back pain, GERD, hypertension, and history of incontinence. Social history patient lives at home with family members. He does not smoke or drink. Family history noncontributory to age and presentation. Allergies to Vicodin. Medication list notable for cholecalciferol, Lexapro, lisinopril, Norvasc, prednisone, Prilosec, rivastigmine patch, and tramadol. Under past medical history please add rheumatoid arthritis as well. Review of systems patient denies chest pain. He denies cough. His appetite is good. He denies dysuria. He denies abdominal discomfort. He denies nausea. Review of systems otherwise negative. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure 116/80, pulse 82, and respirations 20. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is soft, nondistended, and nontender. Extremities no edema noted. Skin no rash noted. Laboratory white blood cell count 4400, hemoglobin 12.3, hematocrit 35.7%, and platelet count 181,000. Sodium 137, potassium 4.1, chloride 106, bicarb 24, BUN 7 I am sorry glucose 70, BUN 14, and creatinine 0.88. Assessment number one decline in functional status. Next number gait abnormality. Next number history of dementia. Next number GERD. Next number hypertension. Next number reported history of rheumatoid arthritis. Next number steroid use. Plan monitor CBC in regards to anemia. Continue to monitor blood pressure readings overtime. He is on a multidrug regimen, but is well controlled at this juncture. The physician ending this dictation.
