
The patient has returned to the facility. She has been recently diagnosed recently admitted to Hospital Name with pneumonia. She has been transferred back on oral antibiotics this in the way of Levaquin. She appears comfortable. She has been dialyzed on almost daily basis while there and has seen tremendous improvement to her edema. She denies any chills or sweats. Review of systems otherwise negative. Past medical history significant end-stage renal disease on dialysis, peripheral vascular disease, vitamin D deficiency, history of pneumonia, dysphagia, noncompliance, history of GERD, history of gait abnormality, history of gout, chronic pain, allergic rhinitis, osteoarthritis, history of depression, obstructive sleep apnea, hypertension, arrhythmia, history of CVA, history of hemiparesis, history of CHF, history of hyperparathyroidism, hyperlipidemia, history of morbid obesity, anemia, anxiety, constipation. Surgical history includes dialysis catheter placement. Allergies to ibuprofen, tetanus tetanus vaccine and toxoid and adhesive tape. Social history patient is a chronic nursing home resident. She does not smoke or drink. Family history noncontributory to age and presentation. Medications include Ambien, Augmentin, artificial tears, Benadryl, calcitonin, centrum silver, Clonidine, Colace, Colchicine, Cozaar, Dulcolax, ergocalciferol, Flonase, [skip] I would like to change this medication list is reviewed. Review of systems patient denies chest pain. She denies cough. She feels better overall. She denies melena or hematochezia. Review of systems otherwise negative. Physical exam vital signs pulse 85, respirations 15. She is afebrile. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart slight make that heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. The abdomen is soft, nondistended, obese. Extremities generalized edema is noted, is improved from last visit. No make that skin no rashes noted. Laboratory from hospital reviewed. Assessment number one pneumonia. Next number end-stage renal disease; on dialysis. Next number history congestive heart failure. Next number diabetes mellitus type 2. Next number GERD. Next number history of noncompliance. Next number hypertension. Next number debility. Plan complete oral antibiotics, have therapy evaluate and treat. Continue outpatient dialysis. Patient is urged to comply with nephrologic diet, diabetic diet, and to avoid excess calories.
