Medical status the patient was seen and examined on rounds in the patient’s room. She complains of she continues to make progress in all therapeutic areas. She is tolerating three hour physical therapy and occupational therapy. Review of systems she complains of left hip pain. She voices no other new complaints. Remainder of the 14-point review of systems is essentially negative. On exam pleasant female in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure 130/63, temperature 98.4, heart rate 92. HEENT extraocular motions intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi crepitus nor wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs. No extra sounds. Abdomen soft, nontender, no organomegaly. Extremities extremities with trace edema in the lower extremities with venostasis changes noted. Spine minimal lumbosacral paraspinal tenderness. Neurologic giveway weakness noted at the hips and shoulders with 4+/5 strength noted. Decreased fine motor control noted in the left hand. Decreased sensation noted in the stocking distribution. Labs WBC 6.1, hemoglobin 8.4, hematocrit 25.6, sodium 140, potassium 3.8, chloride 25 or chloride 105, CO2 25, glucose 101, BUN 18, creatinine 0.8. Assessment number one left impacted femoral neck fracture status post left bipolar hip hemiarthroplasty. Number two right CVA with late effects of left hemiparesis. Balance deficits and frequent falls. Number three lumbar stenosis with spondylosis and lower extremity myelopathy. Number four hypertension managed with multidrug regimen. Number six hyperlipidemia managed with diet and statin. Number six cardiovascular prophylaxis managed with aspirin and Plavix. Number seven idiopathic peripheral neuropathy managed with Neurontin. Number eight urinary retention managed with Flomax and Urecholine. Number nine gastroesophageal reflux disease managed with Protonix. Number 10 mild obesity. BMI is 28.7 kg/m2. Benefits of weight loss discussed with the patient. Dietitian is following with this. Number 11 DVT prophylaxis managed with Xarelto DVT prophylaxis completed with Xarelto. Number 12 depression and anxiety disorder managed with anxiolytics as needed. Consider an antidepressant as necessary. Plan it is felt the patient will benefit from continued inpatient rehabilitation with or inpatient subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living. The Physician thank you very much.
