This is the physician dictating admission for patient Month DD, YYYY date of dictation and service Month DD, YYYY. Chief complaint nausea and vomiting. History of presenting complaint this is a 40-year-old female patient with a history of diabetes type 1, came to the hospital because of nausea, vomiting, dizziness, high blood sugar, and high blood pressure. Blood sugar was 465. Patient received 15 units of insulin however her blood pressure she said was 146/88 and she got she felt palpitation that is why she came to the hospital. In the ER, her blood pressure was normal. Laboratory data showed some signs of infection in the urine, normal white blood cells, hemoglobin, and platelets. Potassium was also normal, bicarbonate 23, and sodium 132 and renal function test was normal. Her blood sugar was 482. She was dehydrated and urine ketone was positive and also blood beta-hydroxybutyrate was also positive more than 2. In the ER, patient received normal saline at 2 L, Zofran, and started on insulin drip. She received one dose of Rocephin. The patient will be admitted to ICU for treatment of DKA. I saw the patient in the ER. She is awake, alert, and she denies chest pain, palpitation, headache, diarrhea, fever, chills. She states she has some polyuria and she feels thirsty. Past medical history diabetes type 1. Past surgical history gallbladder surgery. Family history positive for diabetes, cancer, CAD. Social history she drinks alcohol more frequently, denied smoking, using illegal drugs. Allergy NKDA. Review of systems a 12-point review of system was negative except mentioned above. Vital signs within normal limits. Physical examination head atraumatic. Neck is supple. No lymphadenopathy. No goiter. JVD is flat. Mucous membrane of mouth is moist and dry sorry is dry and pink. Cardiovascular system S1, S2. No rub, no gallop. Chest clear bilaterally. No wheeze, no crackle, no rhonchi. Abdomen soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Bowel sounds positive. No rigidity. Extremity no swelling or tenderness in her joints or muscles. Skin no maculopapular rash or excoriation. Neurological system patient is awake and alert times three. Cranial nerves apparently intact. Sensation intact. Muscle power 5/5. Assessment and plan this is a 40-year-old female patient with history of diabetes, admitted for treatment of DKA. Plan DKA. Patient will be admitted to ICU. She received 2 L of normal saline. We will continue normal saline 300 mL per hours, started her on insulin 0.1 unit per kg which is equal almost to 8 units per hour and also we will give her potassium 30 mEq for each liter. We will go to check ketone in the urine, beta-hydroxybutyrate in the blood and BMP every three hours, fingerstick every one hour and I put the order if the blood sugar is dropping less than 250, we will go to change the IV fluid to D5 half normal saline and we will decrease the dose of insulin to 4 milli to 4 units and we will continue also using potassium and once the anion gap close, which is 60 now and sorry and ketone disappear, then we will go to discontinue insulin drip. DVT prophylaxis, heparin 5000 units b.i.d. GI prophylaxis, Pepcid 20 mg b.i.d. Thank you.
