Preoperative diagnosis biceps tendonitis, left shoulder. Postoperative diagnoses biceps tendonitis left shoulder, grade 4/4 glenohumeral arthritis left shoulder, multiple loose bodies left shoulder, degenerative labral tear left shoulder, partial-thickness rotator cuff tear, extensive left shoulder synovitis. Procedure left shoulder arthroscopy with extensive glenohumeral debridement {period} Complete arthroscopic synovectomy, removal of multiple loose bodies {period} Open biceps tenodesis. Surgeon the physician. Assistant the physician. Anesthesia general with regional block. Anesthesiologist the physician Complications none. Specimens none. Blood loss none. Indications patient is a 67-year-old male with ongoing left shoulder pain. After failure of nonoperative treatment and after a thorough discussion with the patient regarding the risks and benefits of surgery including biceps tenodesis, he wished to proceed. Procedure the after successful induction of general anesthesia with regional block, the patient was placed in the beach chair position on the operating room table. The left shoulder and left upper extremity were prepped and draped free in the usual sterile fashion. The 30-degree arthroscope was introduced into the left shoulder joint via standard posterior portal. Pump inflow was used with the arthroscope cannula. Gravity outflow was established via an accessory anterior portal. The glenohumeral joint was examined. There was a lot of debris and loose bodies in the shoulder. The shaver was brought in and we removed multiple loose bodies.

Examination of the glenohumeral joint revealed full-thickness grade 4/4 cartilage loss with exposed bone of the humerus and the glenoid, many loose pieces of unstable cartilage were present. A thorough chondroplasty and debridement was performed. The axillary recess was examined and additional loose bodies were removed.

There was significant tendinosis of the biceps tendon {period} There was degenerative tearing of the anterior and superior labrum, which was debrided. There was extensive synovitis. A complete anterior and posterior synovectomy was performed.

Examination of the rotator cuff revealed some partial-thickness undersurface tearing of the supraspinatus tendon. This was gently debrided. No full-thickness tears were noted.

The biceps tendon was tenotomized. The instruments removed from the shoulder.

A 4 to 5 cm incision was made in the subpectoral region medially. The skin and subcutaneous tissues were carefully divided.

Dissection was carried down to the biceps tendon. The biceps tendon was identified. The sheath was incised {period}

The groove in the biceps tendon sheath was gently abraded {period} A suture anchor was inserted into the proximal humerus. The biceps tendon was then tenodesed in the subpectoral region. The excess sub in the excuse me in the subpectoral region appeared intact. The deep tissues were closed with interrupted sutures. The skin was closed with running absorbable sutures, Mastisol, and Steri-Strips.

All the wounds were well infiltrated with Marcaine, covered with a dry sterile dressing. The patient was placed in the shoulder immobilizer, awakened without difficulty, and taken to the recovery room in stable condition. Sponge and needle counts were correct. End of dictation on
