Preoperative diagnoses rotator cuff tear right shoulder, right shoulder impingement, acromioclavicular joint arthritis right shoulder, superior labral tear right shoulder, biceps tendon tear right shoulder {period} Postoperative diagnoses is same {period} Procedure arthroscopic rotator cuff repair right shoulder, biceps tenodesis right shoulder, extensive right shoulder synovectomy, arthroscopic subacromial decompression, arthroscopic distal clavicle resection, extensive debridement of right shoulder. Surgeon the physician,. Assistant is the physician. Anesthesia general with regional block. Anesthesiologist the physician. Complications none. Specimens none. Blood loss minimal. Indications the patient is a 42-year-old male with chronic right shoulder pain and weakness. After failure of nonoperative treatment and after a thorough discussion with the patient regarding the risks and benefits of arthroscopic surgery he wished to proceed. Procedure patient was placed after successful induction of general anesthesia with regional block patient was placed in a beach chair position on the operating room table. The right shoulder and right upper extremity was prepped and draped free in the usual sterile fashion.

A 30-degree arthroscope was introduced into the right shoulder joint via a standard posterior portal. Pump inflow was used with the arthroscope cannula. Gravity outflow was established via an accessory anterior portal.

The glenohumeral joint was examined. The articular cartilage of the humeral head and the glenoid was in excellent condition. There was extensive synovitis present. The shaver was brought in and thorough anterior synovectomy was performed.

There was marked tearing of the biceps tendon with longitudinal splitting and fraying of the tendon {period} This the subscapularis tendon was intact. The supraspinatus tendon however had been avulsed off of the anterior greater tuberosity {period} There was some partial thickness tearing of the infraspinatus tendon. This was thoroughly debrided. All loose unstable tissue was removed.

There was extensive tearing of the superior labrum, which was debrided. The anterior and inferior labrum was intact {period}

Following debridement and synovectomy of the anterior shoulder, the arthroscope was placed anteriorly. A posterior synovectomy was performed {period}

The arthroscope was then placed in the subacromial space via an accessory lateral portal. There was a fairly thick subacromial bursitis. The bursa was resected. The subacromial periosteum was removed {period}

There was fairly significant hooking to the acromion so an acromioplasty was performed with the burr in the posterior portal about 8 to 10 mm of bone was removed anteriorly. Confirmation of a smooth flat acromioplasty was made with the arthroscope in the lateral and posterior portals.

Attention was turned to the AC joint, which was quite arthritic and remaining soft tissues off the end of the clavicle were removed. We then resected approximately 1 cm of distal clavicle with the burr. Care was taken to protect the superior acromioclavicular soft tissues. Confirmation of complete distal claviculectomy was made with the arthroscope in all portals.

Any remaining bony and soft tissue debris was removed. Attention was turned to the rotator cuff. We confirmed an avulsion of the supraspinatus tendon with about 1 to 2 cm retraction. After mobilizing this, this was more of an L-shaped tear {period} I was able to bring it back with normal anatomic attachment without undue tension.

The greater tuberosity was gently abraded {period} A triple-armed suture anchor was placed in the anterior portion of the supraspinatus tendon and a second triple-armed anchor was placed more posteriorly {period}

Using a variety of suture passing techniques, the nonabsorbable sutures were woven through the biceps tendon and to the anterior limb of the supraspinatus tendon. We sutured down the anterior lateral corner of the rotator cuff with normal anatomic position. We then passed multiple sutures through the avulsed rotator cuff for a medial row repair. Additional sutures were placed laterally {period}

We then sequentially tied down the sutures. A very nice stable and anatomic repair of the rotator cuff tendon to the greater tuberosity was obtained {period} Additional sutures were placed to the biceps tendon for the tenodesis.

The arthroscope was placed back in the glenohumeral joint. We confirmed a very nice repair of the rotator cuff. Biceps tendon was tenotomized. The intraarticular portion was resected {period}

The shoulder was again examined. No other pathology was noted. The instruments were removed from the shoulder. The portals were closed with interrupted sutures. The wounds were well infiltrated with Marcaine and covered with a dry sterile dressing. The patient was placed in a shoulder immobilizer awakened without difficulty and taken to the recovery room in stable condition. Sponge and needle counts were correct. End of dictation. The patient.
