Preoperative diagnosis ulnar collateral ligament tear right metacarpophalangeal joint. Postoperative diagnosis is same. Procedure ulnar collateral ligament repair right thumb metacarpophalangeal joint. Surgeon is the physician. Assistant the physician. Anesthesia general. Anesthesiologist the physician. Complications none. Specimens none. Blood loss none. Indications patient is a 36-year-old male with a chronic ulnar collateral ligament tear to the right thumb metacarpophalangeal joint. After a thorough discussion with the patient regarding the risk and benefits of repair versus reconstruction, he wished to proceed. Procedure the patient was placed in supine position on the operating room table. After successful induction of general anesthesia, a tourniquet was placed around the right upper extremity. The right upper extremity was prepped and draped free in the usual sterile fashion. The limb was exsanguinated by Esmarch bandage and the tourniquet was inflated. Loupe magnification was used throughout the procedure.

A curvilinear incision was made along the ulnar aspect of the right thumb metacarpophalangeal joint. Skin and subcutaneous tissues were carefully divided. Care was taken to identify and protect any sensory nerve branches.

The incision was extended ulnar to the extensor tendon. The adductor tendon was carefully reflected.

The capsule was noted to be quite attenuated and there was a cyst arising from the joint. A capsulotomy was performed.

The patient's ulnar collateral ligament had been avulsed from the base of the proximal phalanx and scarred down proximally and volarly. With careful dissection, I was able to dissect the native ulnar collateral ligament out. It was in good condition and amenable to primary repair.

The metacarpophalangeal joint was examined who is ever typing this under postoperative diagnosis please also add posttraumatic arthritis right thumb metacarpophalangeal joint. Thank you. Come back to dictation. The metacarpophalangeal joint was examined. Unfortunately, there were areas of full thickness articular cartilage loss off of the head of the metacarpal consistent with significant posttraumatic arthritis.

The metacarpophalangeal joint was then reduced and held in mild flexion and slight radial deviation excuse me slight ulnar deviation. A single 0.045 Kirschner wire was then drilled across the metacarpophalangeal joint. Confirmation of excellent placement of the Kirschner wire was confirmed with AP and lateral fluoroscan imaging {period} who is ever typing this please go back and add to procedures closed reduction and pinning of the metacarpophalangeal joint right thumb. Thanks. Going back to the main body of the dictation. Following pinning of the MCP joint {comma} the Kirschner wire was planted and cut percutaneously.

We returned to the ulnar collateral ligament repair. The normal anatomic access site of the ulnar collateral ligament was gently abraded with a curette to facilitate healing. A suture anchor was drilled into the ulnar base of the proximal phalanx. The nonabsorbable sutures were then woven through the native ulnar collateral ligament and tightened and tied bringing the native ulnar collateral ligament to its normal anatomic attachment site in the proximal phalanx.

The wounds were irrigated well. The capsule was repaired with interrupted sutures. The adductor tendon was repaired. The subcutaneous tissues were closed with interrupted sutures and skin was closed running absorbable sutures.

The wounds were well infiltrated with Marcaine covered with a bulky dressing. A thumb spica splint was applied. The tourniquet was released. The patient was awakened without difficulty and taken to recovery room in stable condition. Sponge and needle counts were correct. End dictation. The patient.
