The physician operative report the patient Month dd. Preoperative diagnoses chronic right shoulder acromioclavicular sprain, chronic right shoulder acromioclavicular joint instability, right shoulder synovitis, right shoulder impingement. Postoperative diagnoses is same. Procedure right shoulder arthroscopy with debridement, arthroscopic synovectomy right shoulder, arthroscopic distal clavicle resection, arthroscopic subacromial decompression. Surgeon the physician. Assistant the physician. Aanesthesia general with regional block. anesthesiologist the physician. Complications none. Specimens none. Blood loss minimal. Indication patient is a 24-year-old female with chronic pain on injury after failure of nonoperative treatment and after thorough discussion with the patient regarding the risks and benefits of surgery she wishes to proceed {period} Procedure after successful induction of general anesthesia with regional block patient was placed in a beach chair position on the operating room table. The right shoulder and right upper extremity were prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion {period}

The 30 degree arthroscope was introduced into the right shoulder glenohumeral joint via standard posterior portal. Pump inflow was used through the arthroscope cannula. Gravity outflow was established via an accessory anterior portal.

The glenohumeral joint was examined. The articular cartilage of the humeral head and the glenoid was in excellent condition. Synovitis was present. A partial synovectomy was performed. The biceps tendon and biceps tendon anchor was intact. The anterior inferior and posterior labral structures were intact. All the rotator cuff fractures were unremarkable {period} The arthroscope was placed anteriorly. The posterior shoulder was also unremarkable {period}

The arthroscope was placed in the subacromial space in accessory lateral portal. A subacromial bursectomy was performed. The rotator cuff was examined. There was some very mild fraying which was gently debrided. No significant partial thickness tears were noted.

There was some hooking to the anterior acromion. There was marked instability of the AC joint with hypermobility at the distal clavicle.

Acromioplasty was then performed with the arthroscope in the posterior portal about 8 mm of bone was removed anteriorly. There was a fairly significant hook to the acromion. Confirmation of the smooth lateral acromioplasty was made with the arthroscope in the lateral and posterior portals.

Attention was turned to the acromioclavicular joint. Any soft tissues off the AC joint were removed. About 10 mm of distal clavicle was resected with the burr. Care was taken to protect the superior acromioclavicular soft tissues. Confirmation of the complete distal claviculectomy was made with the arthroscope and all portals.

Any remaining bony or soft tissue debris was removed. The instruments were then removed from the shoulder. The portals were closed with interrupted sutures. The wounds were well infiltrated with Marcaine and covered with dry sterile dressing. The patient was placed in the shoulder immobilizer awakened without difficulty and taken to the recovery room in stable conditions. Sponge and needle counts were correct. End of dictation the patient.
