This is the second attempt to dictate this patient since I was disconnected suddenly please discard the other dictation that was incomplete. This is a pleasant gentleman of 60 years old, who currently is residing at an assisted living facility. She has been seen he has been seen in clinic status post a fall yesterday at the ALF as well as low-grade fever reported by the assisted living facility nurse. The nurse from the ALF report was the patient was found sitting on the floor approximately today early in the early morning. Apparently, the patient slipped out of bed ending had been sitting in the floor. No injuries reported at that time. In addition to that the nurse states that the patient had a fever of around 100 Fahrenheit yesterday. The patient has been presently diagnosed with neurogenic bladder and he has been with a Foley catheter in place for about a week. Two days ago on Friday, the month dd, the Foley was removed and home health services had start had started straight catheterization at home twice a day. It has been reported to us that the nurse did not go yesterday to do the procedure. Multiple attempts have been done in clinic to straight cath the patient and it has been unsuccessful. A Foley will be placed by the physician in clinic and the patient has been sent to Hospital Name today for further evaluation. Past medical history chronic schizophrenia, paranoid type, diagnosed approximately at 39 years old, anxiety disorder, depression, hyperlipidemia, hypertension with no past history of acute cardiovascular events, chronic kidney disease stage III, bilateral renal cysts, diverticulosis, seborrheic dermatitis, episodic urinary incontinence. Past surgical history rectal polypectomy. Medications please see list attached. Social history this gentleman was graduated from street with a master's degree in architecture and international affairs and world politics. He is fluent in English and Spanish. The current healthcare surrogate is his brother, Daniel. He has a second healthcare surrogate who is another brother; however, Daniel is the one who is more involved in direct care. There is no past history of alcohol abuse or use of illicit drugs. The patient is not a smoker. Allergies allergies there are no known drug allergies. Physical examination vital signs blood pressure is 137/88, heart rate is 110 by EKG, O2 sat is 96%. General this is a gentleman of 60 years old who is well dressed. He is hygienic, not completely optimal. He engaged in proper conversation and follows commands consistently. He appeared in no acute distress, however, showed a certain degree of anxiety and depressed. HEENT Normocephalic and atraumatic. Mucous membranes are moist with normal color. Sclerae are anicteric. He is partially edentulous. Does not wear dentures. No oral lesions noted. Neck supple. No evidence of jugular venous distention. Lungs normal breath sounds bilaterally. There are no audible crackles or wheezing. No rhonchi. Heart regular rhythm. Heart rate is 110. Abdomen mildly distended, but not painful. Bowel sounds are present in all abdominal quadrants. Extremities lower extremities with no noted edema. Neurologic the patient is awake, alert, and oriented to person, place, and time. Assessment and plan urinary tract infection. We will start him on ceftriaxone 1 g daily. A Foley catheter has been placed in clinic by the physician. There was some attempts to straight cath him, however, it was not successfully it was not successfully completed. We are sending him to DGH for further evaluation of the patient's status. He has been with low fever since yesterday. In addition, we will perform CBC with differential, CMP, blood cultures, KUB. Chronic paranoid schizophrenia related to anxiety and depression. He is on lithium, Risperdal and benzodiazepine three times per day. Primary insomnia. He is on temazepam. Primary hypertension. She is on metoprolol. Chronic kidney disease stage III with bilateral small cysts. Laboratory or procedures renal ultrasound performed on month dd yyyy, revealed poor corticomedullary differentiation in both kidneys suggestive of chronic kidney disease, right simple renal cyst. Urinary bladder ultrasound performed on month dd yyyy revealed markedly distended urinary bladder with slight wall thickening. Pelvic ultrasound revealed a solid lesion along the posterior bladder wall measuring 2.2 x 1.9 cm, changes on prostate gland compatible with hypertrophy, bladder normal bladder ultrasound exam with extremely large postvoid residual of 496 mL. CT of abdomen and pelvis with no contrast reveals capacious urinary bladder with questionable posterior inferior bladder wall thickening adjacent to the prostate gland, bilateral renal cortical cysts. This is the end of dictation. Please insert this note to PCO on month dd correction on month dd yyyy thank you.

