This is a gentleman of 83 years old who is currently residing in an assisted living facility. He has been seen in clinic today as requested by the ALF administrator. The clinic RR RN reports to me that ALF administrator states patient have been coughing for a few days have not looked well. This is a poor historian patient who have denied any symptom. He has multiple comorbid conditions and also has history of hospitalization for cardiovascular event. Past medical history atrial fibrillation, congestive heart failure, acute acute pulmonary edema hospitalized at Hospital Name in month yyyy due to [skip] acute pulmonary edema and atrial fibrillation as well as hypertension, coronary artery disease, anemia history of hospitalization at Hospital Name in the past for disruptive behavior associated to dementia. It was he was Baker Acted. Past surgical history prostate surgery of prostate approximately in 2010, surgery of hemorrhoids approximately in 2005, bilateral cataract surgery, tonsillectomy, surgery for anal fistula repair on mm dd, yyyy. Current medications please see the list attached. Psychosocial history the healthcare surrogate is patient's son who is attentive to his care. He carries the diagnosis of dementia of Alzheimer type with behavioral manifestation and episode of psychosis and verbally aggressive in the past had one hospitalization at Hospital Name for behavioral issues. He is widow with noted to be verbally aggressive with others including his her wife. During initial evaluation when met with son and daughter-in-law social worker and medical team noted that they there are issues with their family dynamics. There is no any recorded criminal background history. Review of systems patient denied chest pain. He denied shortness of breath however he is in respiratory distress. He denied headache. He denied any symptoms. Vital signs will be further dictated. General this is a gentleman who is overweight who appeared to be drowsy, looked sick however he denies it. He is a poor historian but able to follow commands. He engaged in very simple conversation. HEENT normocephalic, atraumatic. Mucous membranes of normal color. Sclerae are nonicteric. Mouth is edentulous in upper and lower quadrants. In lower quadrants only have three teeth. Neck with decreased range of motion. No lymphadenopathy palpated. Respiratory lungs auscultate scattered [skip] wheezing and rhonchi in both pulmonary fields. No crackles auscultated. Cardiovascular with irregular rhythm, S1, S2 present. No audible murmurs. Abdomen is pendulous, soft, nontender, nondistended. Not painful. Bowel sounds present in all abdominal quadrants. There are no scars in abdomen. Extremities with approximately 2+ pedal edema. Legs are more swollen than usual today especially to ankle area. Neurology he is drowsy but arousable able to respond to simple questions. He is oriented to person and to place but not to time. Assessment and plan respiratory distress, acute bronchitis. We will start IV antibiotics in Hospital Name. We will perform labs including CMP, blood culture, urinalysis for culture and sensitivity. We will do an a chest x-ray. Congestive heart failure. Furosemide 20 mg IV was administered prior to patient being transferred to Hospital Name so we will continue on diuretic dose. Cognitive deficit clinical Alzheimer type with behavioral manifestation and episode of psychosis, anxiety. For psychosis he is on Risperdal and temazepam for insomnia at night. Generalized chronic pain and chronic headache. He is on analgesia around the clock. Essential hypertension. Systolic blood pressure in the past few months has been fairly stable. He is on lisinopril 40 mg daily as well as doxazosin I am going to spell for you doxazosin d as in dady o as in Orlando x as in [skip] z as in zero o as in Orlando s as in Sam i as in India n as in nurse 2 mg daily. Chronic constipation. He is on laxatives. Gastritis, GERD. He will be on omeprazole. This is the end of dictation.


