Reason for consultation is antibiotic management. History of present illness history taken from the patient as well as reviewing the record. The patient is pleasant 54-year-old Caucasian female who was transferred from Hospital Name for continuation of care. The patient who has a history of scoliosis since childhood, status post Harrington rod replacement and was doing well until about three years ago when patient had bladder surgery done and since then has been complicated with removal of the bladder sling, fecal bladder augmentation with appendiceal stoma, prior mesh with status post removal with ongoing urological bladder, poor contractility, reflux, urge incontinence and recurrent UTIs with ESBL E. coli primarily, and also occasionally with other bacteria status post urethrectomy and definitive mesh removal in month yyyy, revision of stoma in month, month, and month yyyy. Complicated by prolonged fever and then readmitted in month yyyy with new fever, found to have abscess and probable fistula from colon with newly recreated stoma. The patient completed course of IV antibiotics with Zerbaxa z e r b a x a, which is ceftolozane/tazobactam. The patient was discharged in late month yyyy readmitted from ID MD's office this time through Hospital Name on month dd yyyy with worsening malaise, nausea, fever with chills, and draining fecal material from sinus tract left of stoma. CT of the abdomen and pelvis was done since admission at Hospital Name, which showed suprapubic soft tissue thickening measuring 2.4 x 10 cm, which was larger than prior with foci of gas. The hospital course at Hospital Name included fistulogram showing enterocutaneous and/or vesiculocutaneous fistula with drainage of fluid from fistula. The patient was started on antibiotics, vancomycin and Zosyn and patient also received Invanz, which was discontinued due to patient developing diarrhea and patient also received vancomycin p.o. and Flagyl. Later on antibiotic was switched to Zerbaxa since month dd yyyy. Currently patient is on Zerbaxa, month dd yyyy since and then Flagyl started on month dd yyyy as patient is currently receiving those two antibiotics. I am now asked to see the patient to assist in further care. The patient does have cultures reviewed, which showed the urine culture growing ESBL E. coli, abdominal abscess, also growing ESBL E. coli and VRE, and I will see the patient for antibiotic recommendation. Since admission, Zerbaxa was not on formulary and the patient has been continued on Avycaz a v y c a z and Flagyl was continued. Past medical history significant for history of bronchial asthma, scoliosis, kyphoscoliosis with chronic back pain, status post Harrington rod placement, sciatica secondary to scoliosis, history of recurrent UTI with chronic cystitis, previous C. diff colitis, history of recurrent UTI with ESBL E. coli. Past surgical history recent right hand surgery with plate and screw placement about a year ago, bladder sling surgery, posterior spinal fusion surgery for scoliosis, C-spine surgery about four years ago, appendectomy, bladder surgery, and suprapubic catheter. Allergies cephalexin, ertapenem, iodine, latex, plastic tape, latex gloves, strawberry extract, and bee venom. Social history patient was living at home and no history of tobacco, alcohol or any other illicit drug use. Family history is unremarkable. Current medications include Avycaz and Flagyl, ascorbic acid, azelastine a z e l a s t i n e nasal spray and eye drops too, budesonide/formoterol MDI, ergocalciferol, fluticasone, hydrocortisone nasal spray, lansoprazole, loperamide, methenamine hippurate and montelukast, pregabalin and radiation esophagitis mixture, tobramycin, and dexamethasone eye drops. Review of systems patient is awake, alert and not in acute distress. Denies headache, fever, chills, nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea. The vital shows T-max of 98.2 degrees Fahrenheit with blood pressure 118/56, pulse rate of 81, respiratory rate is 22. Atraumatic, normocephalic. PERRLA. EOMI. Tympanic membranes are intact. Throat is clear. Neck is supple. Lungs clear to auscultation. Heart S1, S2 regular rhythm and rate with no murmur. Abdomen is soft, nontender, active bowel sounds. Patient does have ostomy bag in the suprapubic area with some drainage of fecal material. Extremities no pedal edema. Awake and alert. No motor or sensory deficit. Laboratory data showed WBC count today is 5.8, hemoglobin 9.6, hematocrit of 30.4, platelet count is 156,000 with neutrophils 66%, and lymphocytes 20%. Urinalysis was negative,1 nitrites, small urine esterase, WBC 2 to 5, RBC 0. BUN was 15, creatinine 0.5 with normal electrolytes and LFTs. Stool C. diff toxin was negative. MRSA nares were negative as well. Blood cultures have so far been negative. Assessment patient with enterocutaneous and/or vesicocutaneous fistula with previous abdominal abscess status post I and D with chronic assistance ESBL E. coli and VRE in culture, history of recurrent UTI with same organism of ESBL E. coli, chronic diarrhea, urge incontinence, stoma revision, tapering of appendiceal conduit, revision of fascial sling and removal of the prior sling, urethrectomy with mesh removal, revision of stoma, and excisional appendiceal stoma and creation of small bowel stoma, history of cecal augmentation of bladder, history of scoliosis with extensive spinal hardware in place. Multiple antibiotic intolerance including cephalexin, but tolerated Zerbaxa and Avycaz, questionable ertapenem reaction with diarrhea and rash. Recommendation I would continue on Avycaz and Flagyl for seven more days to complete a two weeks' course. The patient will need long-term chronic suppressive treatment to prevent infection as long as fistula remains. He needs to followup with Infectious Disease consulting as an outpatient. I would like to thank the physician for allowing me to participate in the care of this patient. I will follow with you signed the physician end of dictation.

