Reason for consultation abnormal TSH and management of hyperglycemia. History of the present illness the patient is a 66-year-old man with a history of type 2 diabetes, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and coronary artery disease. He was also recently diagnosed with stage T3 laryngeal cancer, status post laryngectomy on Month, DD, YYYY at the hospital. This is a squamous cell carcinoma {period} According to the oncology report, the patient also has a history of radiation in the past for recurrent disease {period} I am sorry according to the oncology note, this happened to be recurrence of the cancer as he has a previous history of radiation for laryngeal cancer {period} The patient was initially admitted to the hospital, diagnosed with pneumonia and septic shock. He developed respiratory failure, required intubation and mechanical ventilation. The patient underwent gastrostomy tube placement for continuous tube feeding,. but currently is able to tolerate dysphagia diet during the day. He is just receiving nocturnal tube feeding at night {period} The reason for Endocrine consultation is abnormal thyroid function test. He has no prior history of thyroid dysfunction, but his TSH level was 8.33 on Month, DD. Free T4 and free T3 level is normal. According to medical records, he has history of diabetes, but currently blood glucose is normal and ranging between 94 and 123 and he is on sliding scale coverage, but the insulin requirements are very low {period} The patient is receiving nocturnal tube feeding with Isosource. During the day, he is on dysphagia diet. Past medical history hypoxemic respiratory failure, status post tracheostomy placement on Month, DD, YYYY. Longstanding COPD, prior history of tobacco abuse, recent pneumonia and status post septic shock, T3 laryngeal cancer, status post laryngectomy, anemia of the chronic disease, history of gastric ulcer, coronary artery disease and coronary artery bypass graft surgery, type 2 diabetes, malnutrition with 30 with almost 40-pound weight loss, dysphagia, status post gastrostomy tube placement, deconditioning, and critical illness neuropathy {period} Allergies to amoxicillin and clavulanic acid. Family history negative for thyroid dysfunction or diabetes {period} Social history the patient has long history of tobacco abuse, he quit recently {period} Medications iron sulfate 300 mg twice a day, nutritional formula with Isosource at 50 mL/hour, Levaquin 750 mg daily, aspirin 81 mg once a day, Tenormin 25 mg daily, Plavix 75 mg once a day, Flomax 0.4 mg daily, folic acid 1 mg once a day, Proscar 5 mg daily, Humalog sliding scale per protocol, atorvastatin 20 mg once a day, and Zofran 4 mg every 4 hours as needed {period} Review of the systems a 12-point review of the systems was obtained and the pertinent findings are mentioned in the history of the present illness. Physical examination generally patient is a well-developed, but chronically ill-looking man. He is awake, responsive, following commands, not in any respiratory distress. Vital signs blood pressure is 107/65, pulse is 89, temperature 98.0, and respiratory rate is 19. HEENT head is normocephalic and atraumatic. Pupils are equal and reactive to light. Extraocular muscles are intact. Neck examination reveals tracheostomy tube to be in place. No masses are palpable. Chest breath sounds are coarse, decreased throughout. No use of accessory muscle. Heart is regular rate and rhythm. S1, S2. No gallop. No murmur. Abdomen is soft, status post gastrostomy tube placement and nontender. Extremities no pedal edema. No cyanosis. No lesions. Neurological examination without focal neurological deficits {period} Laboratory data TSH is 8.33, BUN is 22, creatinine is 0.64. Hemoglobin 9.6, hematocrit 28.8. Assessment hypothyroidism, new onset, mostly likely secondary to post-radiation thyroiditis. The patient received prior radiation for laryngeal cancer; therefore, he is at risk for thyroid dysfunction. Number two hypoxemic respiratory failure, status post tracheostomy tube placement. Next number is laryngeal cancer, status post laryngectomy. Next number is status post recent pneumonia and fungemia with septic shock. Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Long history of alcohol long history of tobacco use. Malnutrition and deconditioning, G-tube status, on continuous tube feeding. History of coronary artery disease and ischemic cardiomyopathy {period} Recommendations initiate levothyroxine at 50 mcg once a day via NG tube. T3 and T4 level was already requested, the results are in progress. Continue monitoring his blood glucose once a day. Currently, insulin requirements are low and practically not receiving any insulin, but has history of diabetes, so we will continue monitoring periodically. The patient should receive adequate nutrition with dysphagia diet and tube feeding. We will continue monitoring his weight and calorie intake {period} Thank you very much for letting me to participate in his care. This is the end of dictation.
