Reason for the consultation is elevated TSH and hyperglycemia. History of the present illness obtained from available medical records. The patient not able to provide any information. She is an 89-year-old woman with a history of type 2 diabetes, chronic kidney disease, and coronary artery disease. The patient also has history of hypothyroidism, but currently not receiving any thyroid hormone replacement therapy. She was initially admitted to Hospital Name on Month, DD with abdominal pain associated with nausea, vomiting, and constipation {period} The patient was diagnosed with a partial small bowel obstruction {period} The patient developed respiratory failure, which required intubation and mechanical ventilation. He was she was however she was extubated on one occasion, but then required re-intubation {period} The patient successfully was maintained off the ventilator and then transferred to Hospital Name for further care {period} She was diagnosed with a C. difficile colitis {period} The patient is currently on BiPAP. She is in intensive care unit. Thyroid function test revealed TSH of 28.33. The physician initiated therapy with levothyroxine 25 mcg daily yesterday {period} The patient is awake and responsive. She has she she admitted that she had the thyroid condition before, but was not able to tell me how much medication she was taking at home {period} Past medical history hypoxemic respiratory failure, aspiration pneumonia, recent C. difficile colitis, coronary artery disease, status post AICD placement, hypertension, chronic kidney disease, type 2 diabetes, hypothyroidism, osteoarthritis, and history of decubitus ulcer. Past surgical history status post hernia repair and AICD placement. Patient also had gastrostomy tube placement for continuous tube feeding {period} Allergies no known drug allergies. Medications vancomycin intravenously, labetalol 400 mg twice a day, Zosyn intravenously, lorazepam 0.25 mg as needed, levothyroxine 25 mcg daily just started on Month, DD, nutritional formula with Diabetisource at 50 mL/hour, vitamin D 2000 units daily, furosemide 40 mg once a day, albuterol inhaler, Protonix 40 mg once a day, Flagyl 500 mg every 8 hours, Bactrim intravenously once a day, and Humalog sliding scale per protocol every 6 hours {period} Family history is negative for thyroid disease. Social history the patient is with her family. No history of smoking, alcohol, or drug abuse. Review of the systems a 12-point review of the systems was obtained and the pertinent findings are mentioned in the history of the present illness. Physical examination generally patient is a well-developed elderly woman, currently awake, on the BiPAP, following commands, not in any respiratory distress. Vital signs blood pressure 106/61, pulse 60, temperature 97.2, respiratory rate is 19. HEENT head is normocephalic and atraumatic. Pupils are reactive to light. Extraocular muscles are intact. There is a mild periorbital edema. The patient is edentulous. Neck examination reveals no goiter and no masses. Chest breath sounds are coarse, but without wheezing or use of accessory muscle. Heart is regular rate and rhythm. Pacemaker device, I am sorry regular rate and rhythm. No gallop. No murmur. Abdomen is obese, but soft, status post gastrostomy tube placement. Normal bowel sounds. Extremities there is no peripheral edema, clubbing, or cyanosis. Trophic changes and onychomycosis are noted of the nails {period} Neurological exam the patient is awake, then follows commands and she moves all four extremities. Laboratory data WBC count 8.3, hemoglobin 6.6, hematocrit 19.1, platelets 155,000. Sodium is 135, potassium 5.4, chloride 107, bicarbonate is 20, BUN is 57, creatinine is 1.27. TSH is 28.33, T4, and T3 in progress. Vitamin D level requested, but results are still not available. Assessment hypothyroidism, severe. The patient with known history of this condition; however, because of her current illness, the levothyroxine was not administered during the hospitalization. We will need to resume the therapy with a higher dose {period} Number two type 2 diabetes, currently controlled. Insulin requirements are low. Continue sliding scale coverage. Next number is hypoxemic respiratory failure, status post recent intubation and mechanical ventilation. Next number is aspiration pneumonia with MRSA. Next number is C. difficile colitis. Next number is coronary artery disease and AICD placement. Chronic kidney disease. Malnutritioning and deconditioning {period} Recommendations increase levothyroxine to 75 mcg daily. I will try to contact the family and obtain information regarding the usual dose of levothyroxine which the patient was taking prior to the admission. For management of diabetes, the patient will remain on Humalog sliding scale coverage per protocol. She will continue receiving tube feeding with Diabetisource as tolerated. Blood glucose will be monitored every 6 hours until stable. Thank you very much for letting me to participate in her care. This is the end of the dictation.
