Reason for the consultation assistance with managing of diabetes. History of the present illness the patient is a 46-year-old man with a history of hypertension, type 2 diabetes, sleep apnea, and morbid obesity {period} The patient was initially admitted to the Hospital Name on month dd yyyy with altered with mental status changes {period} The CT scan of the brain revealed intracranial hemorrhage, 3 x 2 x 2.2 cm left basal ganglia hematoma and 2.2 x 3.0 cm left thalamic hematoma {period} In the emergency room, the patient required intubation and was placed on the ventilator. He was subsequently seen by neurosurgical neurosurgeon and neurologist during this admission {period} The patient was not able to be weaned from the ventilator and therefore underwent tracheostomy placement. He is also on continuous tube feedings via PEG {period} He has according to medical records, he has a history of pre-diabetes but was not treated with any medications prior to admission. During the hospitalization, his blood glucose was elevated and insulin therapy was started {period} He is currently on continuous tube feeding with Diabetisource at 60 mL/hour. Blood glucose was 110 on admission to the hospital. Review of the medical records from outside hospital reveals the glucose range was between 120 and 160 mg/dL. TSH was 0.50. No history of the thyroid disease {period} Past medical history hypertension, type 2 diabetes, hyperlipidemia, obstructive sleep apnea, morbid obesity, respiratory failure, status post tracheostomy, currently on ventilator, encephalopathy secondary to intracranial hemorrhage, lower extremity lymphedema, dysphagia, status post gastrostomy tube placement, congestive heart failure with ejection fraction of 50% {period} Allergies to ibuprofen. Family history unknown. Social history the patient has no history of smoking {period} Review of the systems limited due to the encephalopathy but 12-point review of the system was obtained and the pertinent findings are mentioned in the history of the present illness {period} Physical examination generally patient is a well I am sorry the current medications current medications amlodipine 10 mg daily, Protonix 40 mg once a day, enoxaparin 40 mg daily, carvedilol 6.25 mg twice a day, Keppra 1000 mg twice a day, Humalog sliding scale per protocol {period} Physical examination generally patient is a well-developed morbidly obese man, currently on the ventilator. He is awake and he follows simple commands. Vital signs blood pressure 138/86, pulse is 79, temperature 98.3, respiratory rate is 24. HEENT head is normocephalic and atraumatic. Pupils are equal and reactive to light. Extraocular muscles are intact. There is no icterus. Neck examination status post tracheostomy. No goiter. No masses. Chest breath sounds are equal, decreased, but no wheezing. Heart is regular rate and rhythm. S1, S2. No gallop. No murmur. Abdomen is obese. Status post gastrostomy tube placement. There is an umbilical hernia which is reducible. Bowel sounds are present. Extremities bilateral lymphedema, left greater than right with venous stasis changes {period} He has a Foley catheter in place. There is scrotal edema. Neurological examination revealed mild right-sided weakness {period} Laboratory test from outside hospital, WBC count 7.2, hemoglobin 16.7, hematocrit 51.9, and platelets 101,000. Sodium 135, potassium 3.3, chloride 98, bicarbonate 31, BUN 13, creatinine is 0.89, glucose 190 {period} Assessment type 2 diabetes. Currently blood glucose is stable but the patient was just transferred to our hospital. He was n.p.o. during the transportation; therefore, the blood glucose seems to be stable now. He is back on the tube feeding. We will need to continue close monitoring and decide whether basal insulin therapy would be indicated. Next number is hypercapnic hypoxemic respiratory failure, currently ventilator dependent, status post tracheostomy. Next number is status post intracranial hemorrhage with resolving encephalopathy. Next number is essential hypertension, currently controlled. Next number is dysphagia, status post gastrostomy tube placement. Next number is obstructive sleep apnea. Next number morbid obesity. Next number is bilateral lower extremity lymphedema {period} Recommendations continue blood glucose monitoring every 6 hours. The patient already on Humalog sliding scale per protocol. Continue tube feeding with Diabetisource at 60 mL/hour. Monitor electrolytes {period} Dietary evaluation to make sure that his tube feedings are appropriate and the calorie requirements are satisfactory {period} Thank you very much for letting me to participate in the care of this patient. This is end of dictation.

