This is the physician dictation endocrinology consult on the patient number is XXXXX. Requesting physician is the physician. Consultation date is month dd. Reason for the consultation assistance with management of diabetes. The history of the present illness was obtained from available medical records. The patient is not able to provide any information. The patient is a 41-year-old man with a history of type 2 diabetes who was initially admitted to San Francisco General Hospital in month YYYY after he fell from his apartment, two-storey building. He suffered severe traumatic brain injury and multiple body injury, underwent several surgeries for right humeral and tibial and fibular fracture. He had bilateral pneumothorax. He underwent exploratory laparotomy for possible intraabdominal injuries. The patient had hemicraniectomy hemicraniectomies because of the intracranial hemorrhage. He also had epidural abscess. The patient developed respiratory failure which required prolonged mechanical ventilation. He still has tracheostomy in place although is not on ventilator any more. He had hydrocephalus for which left ventriculoperitoneal shunt was placed. The patient is currently at the hospital for over two months. He was initially on continuous tube feeding but currently on bolus feeding with Replete four times a day. His blood glucose is labile ranging between 112 and 384 mg/dL. For this reason, I was asked to see the patient to assist with managing of diabetes. At the present moment, he is receiving Levemir 4 units twice a day and Humalog sliding scale before each bolus. Yesterday, the blood glucose was 189, 384, 112, 273, and 217 {period} Past medical history is significant for type 2 diabetes. No other medical problems before this hospitalization. Current medications Levemir 4 units twice a day, Humalog sliding scale aggressive dose before bolus, enoxaparin 40 mg daily, nutritional formula with Replete 550 mL four times a day, voriconazole 200 mg twice a day, Vibramycin 100 mg twice a day, multivitamin once a day, levothyroxine 200 mcg daily, albuterol and Atrovent inhalers {period} Family history is unknown. Social history apparently prior to admission, the patient lived in the city and worked for a financial consulting firm. No history of smoking, alcohol, or drug abuse {period} Allergies to meropenem. Review of the systems is not possible due to severe encephalopathy. Physical examination generally patient is a chronically ill man who is lethargic. He is attempting to open his eyes but does not follow any commands. He has upper and lower extremity in a flexion contractures. Vital signs blood pressure 123/75, pulse is 92, temperature 98.6, respiratory rate is 18. HEENT head, status post prior surgery with some incisions and healed scars on the scalp. Nose, patent without any discharge. Neck is status post tracheostomy placement. No palpable masses are noted {period} Chest breath sounds are coarse but equal bilaterally. No wheezing. Heart is regular rate and rhythm. S1, S2. No gallop. No murmur. Abdomen is soft, status post gastrostomy tube placement. There is also vertical scar in the lower abdomen after prior laparotomy. Extremities revealed no edema but there are severe muscle contractions of both upper and lower extremities {period} Neurological examination reveals profound encephalopathy. Laboratory date WBC count 5.9, hemoglobin 14.2, hematocrit 42.1, and platelets 198,000. Sodium 135, potassium is 4.5, creatinine 0.43. Assessment type 2 diabetes with labile blood glucose. Currently, the patient on bolus feeding. Insulin dose will need to be adjusted. Number two severe traumatic brain injury with encephalopathy. Hypoxemic respiratory failure, status post tracheostomy tube placement. Dysphagia, status post gastrostomy tube placement. Hypothyroidism, on high dose of levothyroxine {period} Recommendations I will change the Levemir insulin to once a day injection. The patient is receiving very low dose; therefore, no reason to split the injections in two. We will start with 10 units once a day in the morning. Before bolus, we will initiate Humalog 5 units four times a day. Insulin sliding scale will be only used as needed. I will continue adjusting the dose every day until glucose is adequately controlled. Thank you very much for letting me to participate in his care.
