Reason for the visit is followup visit for management of hypothyroidism and hyperglycemia. History of the present illness the patient is a 78-year-old woman with a history of COPD, respiratory failure, coronary artery disease, status post recent hospitalization with COPD exacerbation and pneumonia, currently in Hospital Name for further care. The patient is status post tracheostomy and gastrostomy tube placement. She is on continuous tube feeding and also receiving prednisone for the COPD. For this reason, her blood glucose has been elevated. The blood sugar reading is 113, 151, 181, and 112 since yesterday. Hemoglobin A1c level was normal at 5.8. The patient was found to have abnormal TSH measuring 8.36. She was started on levothyroxine 25 mcg daily {period} Current medications lisinopril 5 mg daily, levothyroxine 25 mcg once a day, regular insulin sliding scale per protocol, Protonix 40 mg once a day, amiodarone 200 mg every 12 hours via G-tube {period} May be she is on a nutritional formula with Diabetisource {period} Physical examination generally the patient is a well-developed woman who is on the ventilator. She is alert and responsive and following commands. Vital signs blood pressure 94/52, pulse is 104, temperature 98.1, and respiratory rate is 27. HEENT head is normocephalic and atraumatic. Pupils are equal and reactive to light. There is no icterus. She is edentulous. Tongue in the midline. There is no oral thrush. Neck is status post tracheostomy. No palpable masses. No goiter. Chest breath sounds are decreased, but clear. No use of accessory muscles. No wheezing. Heart irregular rate and rhythm. S1, S2. No gallop. No murmur. Abdomen is soft and nontender. Vertical scar on the right side. Gastrostomy tube in place without any discharge around it. Extremities trace ankle edema. Heel protectors in place. Multiple ecchymoses. Neurological exam no focal neurological deficits {period} Assessment new-onset hypothyroidism, most likely secondary to amiodarone therapy. Number two hyperglycemia secondary to stress and steroid use. Next number is hypoxemic respiratory failure, status post tracheostomy placement. Next number is COPD and CHF exacerbation. Coronary artery disease. History of non-STEMI and coronary stenting. Paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. Dysphagia, status post gastrostomy tube placement. Recommendations continue levothyroxine 25 mcg daily via NG tube. T4 and T3 level was requested. TSH will be repeated next week. If not improved, the dose of the levothyroxine will be increased. Continue glucose monitoring every 6 hours with Humalog sliding scale coverage per protocol. Continue nutritional formula as recommended by dietitian. Thank you very much. This is the end of dictation.
