History of present illness this is a 60-year-old female here for followup of her thyroid nodule and vertigo. She states over the interim she has been doing well. She has completed her Epley maneuver sessions at Hospital Name. She states her dizziness and lightheadedness has improved excuse me [skip] has resolved. She is no longer having any difficulty. She did have a recent thyroid ultrasound due to a nodule which revealed a sub-centimeter nodule on the left where followup was recommended in six months. She states otherwise she has been feeling well. She has continued to have somewhat of a dry hacky cough. She and her husband state it has gotten better over the last several weeks as it is most notable prior to going to bed. She denies any fever or other symptoms. Physical examination general well-developed, well-nourished female resting comfortably on the exam table in no acute distress. HEENT conjunctivae show adequate vascularity and moisture. Buccal mucosa is pink and moist. Neck shows adequate carotid upstrokes, no bruits, no JVD. Heart normal rate, regular rhythm. Normal S1, normal S2. PMI is discrete not significantly lateralized. Chest and lungs; chest showed full excursion, lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally without wheezes, rales or rhonchi. Neuro examination shows patient is alert and oriented.  There were no gross motor or sensory deficits appreciated. Vital signs were noted at 137/85, pulse 83, respirations 20, pulse ox 96%, temperature of 98.2. Assessment and plan this is a 60-year-old female with known hypertension, dyslipidemia, anxiety, depression, and past history of pulmonary embolism in yyyy with thyroid nodule and vertigo. Impression one hypertension, well controlled on current regimen. Next impression dyslipidemia, stable on statin therapy. Next impression anxiety and depression, well controlled on BuSpar, Wellbutrin, and Cymbalta. Next impression history of pulmonary embolism. She will continue with her statin and aspirin as she is. Next impression thyroid nodule sub-centimeter on the left, reassuring by recent ultrasound. We will plan for repeat followup in six months. Next impression vertigo, resolved status post Epley maneuvers at Hospital Name. She will return to see us as scheduled. Sign the physician.

