Medical status patient was seen and examined on rounds in the patient’s room. He has had a PEG tube placed since last visit secondary to dysphagia. He continues to make slow but steady progress in all therapeutic areas. Review of systems he complains of weakness and difficulty with swallowing. He believes there are no other new complaints. Remainder of the 14-point review of systems essentially negative. On exam cachectic-appearing male in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure is 115/59, temperature 98.4, heart rate 88. HEENT extraocular motions are intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi, crepitus or wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs or extra nor extra sounds. Abdomen soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Extremities 1+ edema in lower extremity with venous stasis changes noted. Spine without paraspinal muscle tenderness noted. Neurologic alert and cooperative, moves all extremities. He is somewhat disoriented. Labs sodium 141, potassium 4.9, chloride 105, CO2 24 CO2 28, glucose 148, BUN 60, creatinine 1.67. No other new labs noted. Prior labs reviewed. Assessment number one traumatic brain injury with loss of consciousness for less than 30 minutes. Number two post-concussive syndrome. Speech therapy is following for cognitive and language therapy. Number three diabetes mellitus type 2 with neurologic manifestations. The Physician is following with this. Number four diabetic neuropathy, managed without neuropathic medication. Number five hypertension, Lasix [skip] held oh put hypertension managed with multidrug regimen. Number six cachexia with failure to thrive. P E G tube has been placed. Number seven asthmatic bronchitis, managed with inhaled steroids and bronchodilators. Number eight impaired cognition. Speech therapy following for cognitive rehabilitation. Number nine acute renal insufficiency, creatinine is 1.67. Patient is followed by the Renal Service. Number 10 hyperkalemia, now resolved. Number eight dysphagia oh number next dysphagia. Status post P E G tube placement. Speech therapy is following for swallow therapy. Plan it is felt that the patient will benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living. The Physician thank you very much.
