Identifying data the patient is a 79-year-old widowed white male who is currently admitted on long-term care skilled nursing floor. Chief complaint I have been here since month dd. HPI the history was obtained from the patient, staff, and available records and it was considered reliable put mostly reliable put patient does have a significant history of dementia. Currently informs this writer that he has been in the hospital since month dd. Records do indicate patient was admitted on month dd. Patient was living at home in the community. He was brought to the ER by emergency medical staff after had been called to his home several times throughout the week to assist the patient off the toilet. Patient does admit that he did come to the hospital because he was having a hard time walking. Patient was evaluated on the medical floor, observed, ultimately being transferred to the skilled nursing floor today. Patient does have a history of a depression currently on a regimen of Celexa and trazodone. Nursing staff reports that the patient has not been getting agitated. He has been cooperative with staff and his treatment here. It is unclear how long he has been utilizing psychiatric medications. It is reported that he is eating and sleeping okay. Patient's long-term memory appears to be fair however his long term his short-term memory appears to be impaired. Records do indicate he has a significant history of dementia and Parkinson's. Patient will continue with his current medication regimen at this time. Lethality assessment there is no current indications of suicidal or homicidal ideation, intent, or plan. Access to weapons patient currently has no access to weapons. Current medications Celexa 40 mg p.o. q. day, trazodone 25 mg p.o. q.h.s. Medication compliance is reported. No ill effect is reported. Other medications carbidopa {slash} levodopa 25 {slash} 100 p.o. t.i.d., multivitamin p.o. q. day, vitamin D 400 p.o. q. day, lisinopril {slash} hydrochlorothiazide 20 {slash} 12.5 mg p.o. q. day, tramadol 50 mg p.o. every six hours p.r.n. pain. Herbals none. Allergies no known drug allergies. Past psychiatric history patient's previous past psychiatric history is unknown per patient's report however nursing staff reports that patient had a history of suicidal ideation a couple of weeks ago. No attempts are reported. It appears patient has been receiving trazodone and Celexa from his PCP. Alcohol, substance, there is no current indication of alcohol or illicit substance use. Verbal, physical, or sexual abuse, there is no current indication of verbal, physical, or sexual abuse. Strength patient appears to have a son who is supportive and is currently on long-term care unit with services available. Weakness comorbid medical issues including ambulatory dysfunction. Medical history the patient has the following comorbid medical history dehydration, ambulatory dysfunction, Parkinson's disorder, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, Baker cyst left knee. Psychosocial, occupational history patient reports that he was born and raised in city, state area. He has been living in the community by himself. He is widowed. He has one son. He is retired. He used to drill for the oil fields. It is reported he did have some services in the home to assist him. Mental status patient appears up to his stated age. His grooming and hygiene is appropriate. He is casually dressed in a hospital gown. Eye contact is fair. He is cooperative with interview. His movements are restless at times. Tremors are noted in his mouth and upper extremities. Speech is of good rate, tone, and volume. Mood is reported to be okay. Affect is congruent with mood. Thoughts are coherent. Thoughts are with current delusions or hallucinations. There is no indications of suicidal or homicidal ideation, intent, or plan. He is alert, oriented to person and place. Remote memory appears to be intact. Recent memory is impaired. Unable to recall three objects after 5 minutes. Fund of knowledge is fair to poor. Unable to do serial 3s. Cognition impaired. Judgment and insight is poor. DSM primary major depressive disorder, recurrent, moderate. Secondary major neurocognitive disorder probably due to Parkinson's disease. Recommendations patient should continue his current regimen of Celexa and trazodone. Supportive psychotherapy is provided for patient. Nursing or medical staff should contact this writer or psychiatric services if psychiatry symptoms appear.
