
Chief complaint is abnormal blood pressures and freezing with rigors and chills. History of present illness this is a pleasant 81-year-old female, patient of The Physician, who came in and had been seen in the office recently for fevers and rigors with significant tremors and chills. She states first of all that she has had abnormal blood pressures where her blood pressures will go up to 191s/80s and they will come down. This has been going on for about five days. She states that she has been having shaking chills with rigors and fevers up to 100.3. She was seen by her primary care and rapid flu was obtained, which was supposedly negative. She states that she has been nauseous and has not had a bowel movement over the past week {period} She is here for further evaluation and treatment. In the emergency room, she was noted to have a significant hyponatremia and we wanted to make sure that she was monitored with her last admission. Supposedly she was hyponatremic at that time as well, but it seems to have resolved. Patient will be acutely admitted for further evaluation and treatment. Allergies are to amoxicillin causes a rash. Statins cause severe muscle pain and back pain. Current medications at home aspirin 81 mg once daily, glimepiride 1 mg actually 0.5 mg once a day in the morning, lisinopril 30 mg at bedtime. Past medical history significant for hypertension, diabetes mellitus type 2, history of urinary bladder cancers, status post surgical excision , basal cell carcinoma with Mohs procedure, status post excision. Past surgical history includes hysterectomy, appendectomy, urinary bladder tumor resection, basal cell carcinoma, Mohs procedure, bilateral cataract surgeries. Social history she lives in City with her husband. She has been well until recently. She does have three adult children. Denies any tobacco or alcohol abuse and no IV drug abuse. Family history mother died at 92 of cardiac problems and possibly a stroke. Father died at 73 with a history of cardiac problems and brother who died of myocardial infarction. On physical, review of symptoms, generally, no recent weight, questionable recent, no recent weight gain, positive loss of appetite, no fever, positive fever and fatigue and night, no night sweats. HEENT no headaches, eye pain, sore throat pain. Pulmonary no cough, sputum production. Cardiovascular no chest pain, paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, or dyspnea on exertion. GI no dysphagia nausea, positive nausea, no vomiting, no diarrhea, positive constipation. No hematemesis or hematochezia. Genitourinary denies any current dysuria, frequency, urgency, hematuria, or discharge. Neurologic definite weakness. On physical examination temperature 98.7, pulse 75, respiratory rate 16, blood pressure 153/70, saturation 97% on room air. She is 65 kg. Generally, she is an elderly alert and oriented patient in no acute respiratory distress, well groomed, well nourished. HEENT normocephalic, atraumatic. Pupils were twinkling, in no distress, oh HEENT pupils are equal, round, and reactive to light. Extraocular movements are intact. No conjunctival injection. Tympanic membranes nonerythematous. Nasal mucosa is nonerythematous. Oropharynx, nonerythematous. Neck, dry mucous membranes. Neck is Supple without any apparent audible bruits. No JVD. Lungs are with bilateral breath sounds, but good movement of air. Cardiovascular exam is regular rate and rhythm. Normal S1 and S2. No apparent gallops, rubs, or murmurs. Abdomen soft, nontender, and nondistended. No hepatosplenomegaly. Bowel sounds are active, nondistended. Extremities are without cyanosis, clubbing, or edema. Muscle strength, cardio, neuro exam cranial nerves II through XII essentially intact. Muscle strength in the upper and lower extremities are approximately 5/5 in the upper and lower extremities. Laboratory examination EKG revealed normal sinus rhythm with sinus arrhythmia, left ventricular hypertrophy, non-specific ST changes. Urinalysis showed dark yellow appearing urine that is a clean catch. Specific gravity 1.013, pH of 6.0, trace protein, 3+ blood, negative nitrites, 3+ leukocyte esterase, white blood cell count 20 to 100, many bacteria. White count was 10.0 with a hemoglobin of 14.1, hematocrit of 41.9, MCV of 81.3, platelet of 190. Sodium 126, potassium 3.8, chloride 95, bicarb 19, BUN 11, creatinine 0.66, glucose of 136, GFR greater than 60. Assessment and plan is number one is urinary tract, number one is hyponatremia with associated tremors or rigors. Further evaluation will be obtained. Further workup such as urine electrolytes as well as urine osmolality and serum osmolality will be obtained to see why she is hyponatremic. Next number is urinary tract infection, questionable sepsis. At this point in time, we will go ahead and start her on Levaquin and continue hydration for the meantime and monitor very closely. Next number is rigors and elevated temperatures. Supposedly, rapid flu was negative. Blood cultures have been obtained. Urine cultures have been obtained. Lactic acid will be obtained. Further workup will be obtained at this time. Next number, next number is hypertension. Continue lisinopril at 30 mg and I will go ahead and continue hydralazine 10 mg as needed. Next number is diabetes mellitus. We will hold her glimepiride and just utilize the sliding insulin scale and we placed her on clear liquid diet for now until she is reevaluated. Next number is low bicarb, which I will obtain arterial blood gases for further evaluation of respiratory versus metabolic acidosis. Next number is constipation, which we will go ahead and start her bowel care. Next number is GI prophylaxis, which we will go ahead and make sure that she is started on some kind of Protonix. DVT prophylaxis. We have started her on Lovenox. We will inform the doctors covering for The Physician or to follow in the morning. This is the end of dictation. Thank you very much.
