The patient is a 77-year-old female with history of leukemia. She apparently was evaluated by Heme/Onc and underwent induction chemotherapy. She has now been transferred to Mountain's Edge for further care. She states over the last two or three days, she developed swelling of her left face. She was then started on clindamycin and states the swelling has come down. Denies any other focal complaints. Past medical history hypertension, GERD, leukemia, AML. Past surgical history cholecystectomy, bilateral knee replacement, carpal tunnel. Please add congestive health failure sorry chronic diastolic heart failure to past medical history. Allergies are morphine. Family history noncontributory. Social history no tobacco, alcohol, or drug use. Current vital signs temperature is 97.5, pulse 91, respirations 17, blood pressure 115/61. In general she is in no acute distress, awake, alert, oriented x3. Head and neck exam revealed moist mucous membranes. Neck is supple. Extraocular movements intact. She does have slight induration of her left face. She has a small ulceration in inner aspect of buccal mucosa on the left cheek. There are no other lesions or blistering. Cardiovascular S1 and S2. No murmurs, rubs, or gallops. Lungs are clear bilaterally. Abdomen soft, nontender. Extremities no clubbing, cyanosis, or edema. Skin exam no rashes. Laboratory data white count is 2.6, hemoglobin is 8.6, hematocrit 25.9, platelet count is 35,000. Absolute neutrophils 130. Chemistries BUN is 36, creatinine 0.94. Total protein is 5.9, albumin 3.8, total bili is 2.8. AST is 97, ALT 581, alk phos is 328. Assessment and plan one mucositis of her left face. Two neutropenia. Three AML. Four hypertension. Five GERD. Recommendations she currently appears to be responding to the clindamycin as far as her facial cellulitis. We will continue that for now. Of note, she is obviously subjectively neutropenic. I believe in this setting, prophylactic antibiotics would be indicated specifically to cover gram negative. I will go ahead and add levofloxacin, as well as fluconazole until neutropenia improves. We will make further recommendations based on results of pending clinical course. Thank you for consultation. I will continue to follow up the patient. End of the dictation.
