Consultation for patient. This is a 30-year-old gentleman with apparently history of IV drug use, who apparently was hit by a car about a month ago in his left lower extremity. He developed a wound at that time, was seen at the hospital as well as the hospital ER, was told just to continue wound care apparently. Ultimately, the wound worsened. He developed fluid collection, was admitted to the hospital, did undergo a debridement by the physician. Cultures from this debridement have come back negative. He was seen by the physician of Infectious Disease and was prescribed IV antibiotics including vancomycin, clindamycin, and Zosyn. He has now been transferred to this facility for further care. Upon evaluation, he is essentially angry, frustrated. He states he was promised no changes in his pain medicine and however his medications were changed. Other than that he denies any other focal complaints. His sister at bedside, who was also somewhat frustrated with his current care. Past medical history includes tobacco use as well as IV drug use. He was very limited historian with me and answers questions very shortly. Past surgical history as I stated above. Allergies no known drug allergies. Family history noncontributory. Social history he is a smoker. He denies any alcohol. Again, apparently there is history of illicit drug use. Current vital signs temperature 98.4, pulse 62, respiratory rate 18, blood pressure 106/50. In general, he is in no acute distress, awake. Head and neck exam reveal moist mucous membranes. Neck is supple. Cardiovascular S1 and S2. Lungs are clear bilaterally. Abdomen soft. Extremities no clubbing, cyanosis, or edema. He does have a left lower extremity wound VAC. Skin exam no rashes. Laboratory data white count 9.6, hemoglobin 14.2, hematocrit 44.6, platelet count is 393. Neutrophils are 5779. Sodium is 140, potassium 4.2, chloride 104, bicarb is 25, BUN is 7, creatinine 0.77, glucose 105. LFTs, total protein 6.3, albumin 3.2.  Alk phos 56, AST is 12, ALT is 20, total bili 0.2. Assessment and plan one left lower extremity abscess, I and D, status post trauma. He received IVDU. Two history of illicit drug use per documentation. Recommendations at this time, I did review his outside cultures that were negative. With that being said, I have no reason to change in his current antibiotics. Plan is for we will continue antibiotics as prescribed by outside physician infectious Disease. Both patient and sister at bedside expressed frustration in regards to his medication as well as his wound care management and his pain meds. I will defer that to primary service or wound care services following patients [2:40 skip]. End of this dictation.
