Reason for consultation tremor. History obtained partially from patient partially from the chart. This is a 77-year-old female who has a long hospitalization with multiple complications who states that she started having tremor about four months ago before her initial hospitalization. There is no collateral history as patient's son's phone number was not in service and I was not able to get collateral history about the onset of tremors. The patient denies any many years of tremors or recent few weeks of tremors {period} Tremor happens mostly with posture or action. Denies any resting tremor {period} Patient states that tremor is bilateral {period} Denies any tremor in the legs. New line past medical history patient has history of atrial fibrillation on Coumadin also has bioprosthetic aortic and mitral valve replacement had a hip fracture in city, state had hip replacement on month dd yyyy. On month dd yyyy, was in sepsis with right hip hardware infection, underwent I and D has bacteremia. This patient has complicated hospitalization with cardiac arrest, had arrhythmias had a pacemaker placement, had Stenotrophomonas pneumonia respiratory failure was unable to be extubated until end of month underwent tracheostomy placement. Patient had upper GI bleed has vocal cord paralysis unable to vocalize with Passy-Muir speaking valve. New line anemia hypercalcemia, depression, dysphagia. New line review of systems as mentioned in the HPI tremors. Unable to vocalize has tracheostomy G tube. Rest of the review of system unable to obtain. Patient denies any chest pain, denies any vision problems. Denies any diaphoresis has some depression. New line social history lives alone at home has two children. Negative drugs, alcohol, tobacco. Family history unremarkable. No familial tremor. New line allergies sulfa, adhesive tape, colchicine, iodine, penicillin, selfish. Medications patient is on p.r.n. lorazepam, p.r.n. Reglan, trazodone 50 q.h.s., hydralazine 10 q.8, vitamin D, Ambien 10 p.r.n. and sertraline 25 daily, Lasix 20 daily and vitamin C 500 daily, allopurinol 250 q.2 daily, heparin 5000 q.12, gemfibrozil 600 b.i.d., levothyroxine 25 daily, melatonin three daily, Protonix 40 b.i.d., sucralfate 1 g daily, zinc, magnesium, simethicone. New line physical examination vital signs temperature 98.2, pulse 79, respiratory rate 20, blood pressure 111/44, pulse ox 96% on trach mask FiO2 0.28. New line general lying in bed in no apparent distress. HEENT tracheostomy. Patient unable to vocalize otherwise normocephalic atraumatic. New line lungs clear to auscultation. Heart regular, pacemaker. Abdomen J-tube. Extremities no edema. New line neurologic patient is alert oriented x3. Normal naming, comprehension, fluency repetition when reading patient's lips. Patient is obviously unable to vocalize due to a vocal cord injury. New line cranial nerves pupils symmetrically equally reactive to light. Extraocular movements intact. Visual fields full to finger counting. Facial sensation strength symmetric. Tongue midline. New line motor exam at least 4 out of 5 in upper and lower extremities bilaterally symmetrically. Normal finger touch. Normal bulk and tone. Patient has action and postural tremor in bilateral upper extremities in hands symmetrically. New line sensory exam symmetric to light touch vibration. New line reflexes 2+ brisk throughout. Bilaterally downgoing toes. New line gait not applicable. Coordination finger-nose-finger no dysmetria. New line labs WBC elevated at 16.5, hemoglobin sorry chronically hemoglobin low at 10.1, platelets 289. Kidney function with BUN and creatinine 50/1.05. Patient albumin was low at 2.2, 2.5. Calcium high from 11.1 down to 9 even now elevated with calcium. PTH 19, PTH related protein 11.1. New line assessment 77-year-old female with multiple medical problems recently with hypercalcemia respiratory failure with tremors. New line number one tremors according to the patient are before hospitalizations which seemed to essential tremors but could be exacerbated by patient's metabolic abnormalities and infectious abnormalities. New line may give a primidone trial to see if tremor improves. New line number two patient's mood psychiatrically maybe affected by hypercalcemia as well which is currently being managed. New line number three acute on chronic respiratory hypercapnic respiratory failure sorry acute on chronic hypoxemic hypercapnic respiratory failure. New line dysphagia. New line vocal cord paralysis. New line right hip infection status post hardware I am sorry right hip replacement status post hardware infection. New line persistent leukocytosis. New line hypercalcemia. New line chronic atrial fibrillation on Coumadin chronic atrial fibrillation currently not on any therapeutic anticoagulation. New line we will follow up patient's exam while on primidone high complexity patient. Thank you for such an interesting consultation. Discussed with the patient. Discussed with the nurse. End of dictation thank you.

