Chief complaint is left thigh pain and marked shortness of breath. History of present illness the patient is a 46-year-old male with history of end-stage renal disease, on hemodialysis, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, congestive heart failure, diabetic retinopathy and neuropathy, history of pontine cerebrovascular accident who was admitted to PIH on January 4 2017 for complains of one-week history of progress progressive shortness of breath, congestion and weakness. In the ER in the emergency room, ABG showed pO2 was diminished. The patient also complains of left thigh pain. The patient was given aggressive hemodialysis, pain management and later on started on IV antibiotics for left thigh pain. Left thigh MRI is consistent with diabetic myonecrosis. The patient was transferred to the hospital for IV antibiotics, pain management, hemodialysis. Past medical history significant for end-stage renal disease, on hemodialysis. Hypertension. Diabetes mellitus. Congestive heart failure. Left eye blindness. Diabetic retinopathy and  neuropathy. History of pontine stroke. History of respiratory failure with intubation. Past surgical history the patient had a tunneled cath placement. Status post right thigh surgery. Status post left upper extremity AV fistula placement. Medications the patient is on Abilify. Aspirin. Benadryl. Norco. Insulin. Prevacid. Lipitor. PhosLo. Vitamin. Metoprolol. Minoxidil. Procardia. Omega-3 fatty acid. Rocephin. Social history the patient has no history of smoking, drinking or IVDA. Family history unremarkable. Allergies no known drug allergies. Review of systems as mentioned above. Otherwise unremarkable. Physical examination blood pressure 133/57, pulse 76, respirations 20, temperature 97.0. The patient is alert and oriented x3, in no acute distress. HEENT Pupils are equal, round and reactive to light and accommodation. Extraocular muscles are intact. Oropharyngeal area is clear. Neck supple. No JVD. Lungs clear to auscultation bilaterally. Heart normal rate and rhythm. S1, S2. There is 2/6 systolic ejection murmur in the apex. Abdomen soft. No tenderness. No distention. No hepatosplenomegaly. Genitalia normal appearance. Rectal deferred. Extremities no clubbing, cyanosis or swelling. Neurologic the patient is able to move all extremities. Labs on admission, WBC 12.4, hemoglobin 8.4, hematocrit 27.3, platelet 197. Sodium 133, potassium 6.4, chloride 96, bicarbonate 19, glucose 77, BUN 99, creatinine 8.2. Alkaline phosphatase of 498. Hep B panel was negative. Head CT scan showed no intracranial hemorrhage, mass, or calvaria fracture identified. Assessment and plan one left thigh diabetic myonecrosis with cellulitis. Number two Acute diastolic congestive heart failure. Number three Pulmonary edema. Number four Hypertension. Number five End-stage renal disease, on hemodialysis. Number six Hyperlipidemia. Number seven Hyperkalemia. Number eight Left eye blindness. Number nine Status post pontine cerebrovascular accident. Number ten Gastroesophageal reflux disease. Number eleven Chronic anemia due to renal failure. Plan we will give pain management. We will start naproxen. Continue IV antibiotics. Continue hemodialysis. Continue nutritional support. end of dictation thank you very much.
