medical status the patient was seen and examined on rounds in the patient's room. She continues to make progress in all therapeutic areas. She is tolerating physical therapy, occupational therapy, and speech therapy. Discharge plans were discussed with the patient. Review of systems she complains of difficulty with speech and right-sided weakness. She voices no other new complaints. Remainder of the 14-point review of systems is essentially negative. On exam frail elderly female in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure is 171/73, temperature 98.2, heart rate 68. HEENT extraocular motions intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi or crepitus. No wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs. No extra sounds. Abdomen protuberant, soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Extremities with trace edema in lower extremities. Spine without paraspinal tenderness noted. Neurologic right hemiparesis noted. Decreased fine motor control noted in the right hand. She does have increased improved language skills. Labs no new labs noted. Prior labs reviewed. Assessment left dominant hemisphere cerebrovascular accident with late effects of aphasia and right hemiparesis. Number two hypertension managed with multi-drug regimen. Number three hyperlipidemia managed with statin. Number four cardiovascular prophylaxis managed with aspirin and statin. Number five right elbow dislocation status post closed reduction. Number six aphasia, expressive and receptive combined improving slowly with speech therapy. Number seven verbal apraxia followed by speech therapy. Number eight severely impaired mobility with decline in functional status now much improved. Number nine depression and anxiety disorder managed with Remeron. Plan it is felt that the patient will be ready for discharge this weekend. She will continue to benefit from physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living. We will discharge her to home with family on Sunday. The physician thank you very much.
