History of present illness the resident is an 80-year-old man with progressive Alzheimer's disease dementia who was admitted to Hospital Name for a long-term care on month dd yyyy after his wife and caregiver had increased difficulty managing the patient at home {period} He was recently found to be wandering outside in the winter weather with no coat on on several occasions despite having a wandering alarm. This and his increased need for assistance with activities of daily living required this and his increased difficulty with activities of daily living necessitated this admission for a long-term care. In month yyyy, he was admitted to the Hospital Name, diagnosed with a TIA. During the hospitalization he was noted to be bradycardic in the 40s with an elevated TSH level despite thyroid replacement. An MRI of the brain, carotid Dopplers, and CT scan of the head were all essentially negative. Next the patient's history has included daily agitating behavior related to his cognitive deficit. He is alert and oriented to self only and can easily redirected with persistence from staff. He has incontinence of both bowel and bladder with periods of urinary incontinence. He ambulates independently. There are no reports of fall or skin issues since admission, complications are managed with bowel regimen. His most current weight as of month dd yyyy is 204.2 pounds with a BMI of 25.5, previously 202.4 pounds. Next advanced directives include a completed MOLST form of DNR DNI status, comfort measures and living will and designated healthcare proxy. Next past medical history one primary open angle glaucoma moderate stage bilateral. Two Primary hyperthyroid hypothyroidism. Three diverticulosis. Four Osteoarthritis especially of the knees. Five Alzheimer's dementia, progressive. Six Carpal tunnel syndrome. Seven Hyperlipidemia. Eight Depression. Nine Hypertension. Ten Bradycardia. Past surgical history one Left hemicolectomy secondary to diverticulitis in 1996. Two Bilateral iridectomies in 1969. Three Bilateral inguinal hernia repair in 1995. Four Total right knee replacement in 2009. Five Left total knee replacement in 2009. Six Left carpal tunnel release. Seven Left fifth trigger finger release. Eight Right carpal tunnel release in 2010. Nine Procedure for glaucoma in 2012. Allergies one Brimonidine. Two Iodine. Three Penicillins. Four Shell fish. Five Bee stings. Medications one Aricept tablet 10 mg one tablet my mouth at bedtime. Two Aspirin tablet 81 mg one tablet by mouth daily. Three Atorvastatin calcium tablet 40 mg by mouth at bedtime. Four Coenzyme-Q10 tablet 100 mg one capsule by mouth daily. Five Dorzolamide hydrochloride solution 2% one drop in both eyes three times daily. Six DuoNeb solution 0.5/3.5 mg in 3 mL inhaled orally every 4 hours p.r.n. EpiPen two pack solution Auto-Injector 0.3 mg one dose IM as needed for bee stings. Levothyroxine sodium tablet 150 mcg one tablet by mouth daily. Namenda XR capsule extended release 20 mg one capsule by mouth daily. Tears Natural II solution one drop in both eyes three times a day. Travatan Z solution 0.004% one drop in both eyes at bedtime. Tylenol extra strength tablet 500 mg by mouth every 4 hours as needed. Vitamin B12 tablet 1000 mcg one tablet by mouth daily. Zoloft tablet 100 mg one tablet by mouth at bedtime. Next Physical examination vital signs blood pressure 134/70, pulse 44, respirations 18, oxygen 94% on room air, temperature 97.6. General alert and oriented times one, in no acute distress. Speech clear. HEENT Normocephalic, atraumatic. Pupils equal and reactive to light approximately 3 mm bilaterally. Extraocular movements intact. Sclerae nonicteric. Non-hyperemic oropharynx with moist mucous membranes. Neck supple. Negative JVD. Negative bruits. No lymphadenopathy or thyromegaly. Lungs clear to auscultation throughout. Heart S1, S2. Regular rate and rhythm with positive systolic murmur. Abdomen soft, nontender, nondistended with positive bowel sounds. Extremities no clubbing, cyanosis, or edema. Distal pulses intact. Positive capillary refill. Psych normal affect and mood. Neuro no focal deficits. Memory impairment. Next Assessment one Dementia, Alzheimer's, progressive. Two Hypothyroid. Three Hypertension. Four Hyperlipidemia. Five Open-angle glaucoma. Six Chronic kidney disease stage III. Seven Depression. Eight Osteoarthritis. Nine Diverticulosis. Next Plan one Continue present medications and treatment. Two Continue redirection as needed for exit-seeking behavior. Three Encourage social participation for [skip] followup.

