Reason for consult PEG malfunction. History of present illness, patient is a 73-year-old African-American male with history of CVA with residual left-sided hemiplegia and associated dysphagia, dependent on chronic gastrostomy tube feedings; who was admitted to outside hospital with acute onset of shortness of breath. This was attributed to pneumonia, likely from aspiration. Hospital course was complicated by paroxysmal AFib, for which he was treated with Cardizem drip and subsequently transferred to Hospital Name. In the Hospital Name, patient initially was in the ICU and on Cardizem drip. Once stabilized, he was transferred to the floor. While in ICU, patient's gastrostomy tube was accidently removed. NG tube was placed and patient has been receiving feedings via the NG tube since, which he has been tolerating well {period} Past, patient himself is nonverbal, unable to provide any history. All history is obtained from the chart {period} Past medical and surgical history includes CVA with residual left-sided hemiplegia and aphasia. Next number, recurrent aspiration. Next number, diabetes mellitus. Next number, paroxysmal AFib. Next number, seizure disorder. Next number, COPD. Next number, functional quadriplegia. Next number, sacral bilateral buttock ulcers. Review of systems, unable to obtain. Patient with underlying encephalopathy. Social history patient is a skilled nursing facility resident. History of tobacco, alcohol is unknown. Family history, not available. Allergies, no known drug allergies. Medications, aspirin, atorvastatin, Unasyn, neomycin suspension, Protonix 40 daily, lactobacillus, insulin, albuterol, Atrovent, metoprolol 25 q.12, Depakene syrup, and acetaminophen. On physical exam, patient has a blood pressure of 158/83, pulse is 97, temp is 97.1, respiratory rate is 20, and O2 sat is 97% on 5 liters. Generally, patient is chronically ill-appearing African-American male, in no acute distress. HEENT, head is normocephalic, atraumatic. Pupils are sluggish. Neck is supple. No masses. Lungs, coarse breath sounds bilaterally. Heart is regular rate. Abdomen is soft, nontender, and nondistended. Foley catheter in place with a previously existing gastrostomy tube. Extremities, no cyanosis or clubbing. 1+ pulses. Skin, no rash or lesion appreciated. Neurologically, patient is minimally responsive to pain. Laboratory, patient has a white count of 9.6, hemoglobin is 8.9, platelet count is 127. INR is 1.1, PTT is 42.1. Stool C. diff is negative. Creatinine is 0.65, BUN is 20. T-bili is 0.4, alk phos is 58. Chest x-ray to evaluate shows cardiomegaly, bilateral lower lobe pneumonia. Impression and recommendations, patient is a 73-year-old African-American male recovering from aspiration pneumonia with history of CVA and associated dysphagia, whose gastrostomy tube was dislodged and will need to be replaced so that patient can continue long-term nutritional supports. Patient will benefit from EGD with replacement of gastrostomy tube. Risks, benefits, and alternatives discussed, to be discussed with patient's family to obtain consent {period} Patient's respiratory status is relatively stable and he should be able to tolerate mild sedation with no difficulty. Continue with bronchodilators. Pulmonary Medicine is following. Regarding anemia, this is stable, no evidence of gastrointestinal bleeding. Peptic ulcer disease will be ruled out at the time of endoscopy {period} Continue with Protonix daily {period} Regarding underlying pneumonia, continue with IV Unasyn. Thank you or this consultation. Follow patient with you. End of dictation.
