Medical status patient was seen and examined on rounds in the patient's room. He continues to make slow, but steady progress in all therapeutic areas. He is tolerating physical therapy and occupational therapy. Review of systems he complains of knee pain and weakness and he voices no other new complaints. Remainder of the 14-point review of systems is essentially negative. On exam morbidly obese male, on no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure is 150/75, temperature 98.0, heart rate 76. HEENT extraocular motion is intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi or crepitus nor wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs and no extra sounds extra sounds. Abdomen protruberant, soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Extremities with 1+ edema in the right lower extremity with venous stasis changes. Trace edema in the left lower extremity noted with venous stasis changes. . Spine without paraspinal muscle tenderness. Neurologic decreased sensation noted in the stocking distribution. Labs WBC 8.6, hemoglobin 10.4, hematocrit 32.3, sodium 142, potassium 4.4, chloride 107, CO2 27, glucose 124, BUN 22, creatinine 0.87. Assessment number one severe degenerative joint disease of the right knee with failure of conservative treatment. Number two status post elective right total knee arthroplasty. Number three diabetes mellitus type 2 with neurologic manifestations. Number four diabetic neuropathy managed with Neurontin and Lamictal. Number five morbid obesity, BMI is 42 kg per meter squared. Benefits of weight loss discussed with the patient. Number six chronic obstructive pulmonary disease managed with inhaled steroids and bronchodilators. Number seven obstructive sleep apnea managed with CPAP. Number eight coronary artery disease status post coronary artery bypass graft, managed with aspirin and statin prophylaxis. Number nine DVT prophylaxis, managed with Xarelto. Number 10 left shoulder and left hip pain secondary to fall, x-rays negative for arthritis, pain improved with Mobic. Number 11 restless leg syndrome, improved with ReQuip. Number 12 metabolic encephalopathy secondary to anesthesia and now back to baseline. Plan it was felt that the patient will benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living. The Physician thank you very much.
