Patient was seen and examined on rounds in the family’s room or in the patient’s room with family. She continues to make progress in all therapeutic areas. She is tolerating physical therapy and occupational therapy. Review of systems she complains of right-sided weakness. She voices no other new complaints. Remainder of the 14-point review of systems is essentially negative. On exam obese female, in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure is 149/75, temperature 98.6, heart rate 88. HEENT extraocular motion is intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi or crepitus nor wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs and no extra sounds extra sounds. Abdomen protruberant, soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Extremities with trace edema in the lower extremities. Spine without paraspinal muscle tenderness. Neurologic give-way weakness of the hips and shoulders with 4+ {over} 5 strength noted. Right lower extremity has absent right upper extremity has absent fine motor control. Labs WBC 7.2, hemoglobin 13.0, hematocrit 38.9, sodium 142, potassium 3.6, chloride 100, CO2 is 32, glucose 95, BUN 19, creatinine 1.29. Assessment left dominant hemisphere middle cerebral artery cerebrovascular accident with dense right hemiparesis. Number two aphasia expressive greater than receptive. Number three dysphagia. Speech therapy is following for swallow therapy. Number four diabetes mellitus type 2 with neurologic manifestation. Number five diabetic neuropathy managed without neuropathic medication. Number six hyperlipidemia managed with diet and statin. Number seven morbid obesity. BMI is 35 Kg per meter squared. Benefits of weight loss discussed with the patient. Number eight depression and anxiety disorder followed by the psychiatry services. Plan it is felt that the patient will benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living and speech therapy regarding language and swallow rehabilitation. The Physician thank you very much.
