Medical status patient was seen and examined on rounds in the patient’s room. He continues to make progress in all therapeutic areas. He is tolerating physical therapy and occupational therapy. Medical status patient was seen and examined on rounds in the patient’s room. He continues to make slow but steady progress in all therapeutic areas. He is tolerating physical therapy and occupational therapy. Review of systems he complains of weakness. He voices no other new complaints. Remainder of the 14-point review of systems is essentially negative. On exam vital signs are stable. Blood pressure is 120/76, temperature 99.1, heart rate 74. HEENT extraocular motion is intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi or crepitus nor wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs and no extra sounds extra sounds. Abdomen, soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Extremities with trace edema. Spine without paraspinal muscle tenderness and neurologic giveaway weakness noted at hips and shoulders with 4+ {over} 5 strength noted. Labs Protime is 36.3, INR 3.3, CBC WBC 4.9, hemoglobin `11.2, hematocrit 33.7, sodium 139, potassium 4.5, chloride 104, CO2 30, glucose 86, BUN 9. Creatinine 0.95. Assessment number one disuse myopathy disuse d i s u s e disuse myopathy from prolonged acute illness and prolonged hospitalization. Number two coagulopathy managed with Coumadin I am sorry put history number two hisstory of aortic valve replacement managed with Coumadin. He is slightly he is slightly supratherapeutic with an INR of 3.3, our goal will be between 2.5 and 3. Coumadin dose has been adjusted. Number three chronic pain syndrome managed with hydrocodone. Number four mood disorder managed with Zoloft. Number five chronic anxiety disorder with chronic benzodiazepine usage. Plan it is felt that the patient will benefit from continued inpatient subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living. The Physician thank you. 
