medical status patient was seen and examined on rounds. She continues to make progress in all therapeutic areas. She is tolerating 3 hours of therapy daily. On exam her review of systems she complains of weakness. She voices no other new complaints. The remainder of the 14-point review of systems is essentially negative. On exam obese female, in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure is 97/68, temperature is 98.4, heart rate 87. HEENT extraocular motions intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi or crepitus nor wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs and no extra sounds extra sounds. Abdomen, soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Extremities with significant edema. Spine without paraspinal muscle tenderness noted. Neurologic mild left hemiparesis noted with ataxia with decreased fine motor control noted in the left hand. There is decreased sensation noted in the stocking distribution. Labs WBC 12.7, hemoglobin 13.5, hematocrit 40.0, sodium 135, potassium 4.2, chloride 101, CO2 23, glucose 318, BUN 17, creatinine 0.98. Assessment left posterior and inferior cerebellar history of cerebrovascular accident. Number two left sided dysmetria with decreased fine motor control on the left hand. Number three mild left hemiparesis. Number four diabetes mellitus type 2 with neurologic manifestation. Number five diabetic neuropathy managed without neuropathic medication. Number six hyperlipidemia managed with Zocor. Number seven mild obesity. BMI is 26 Kg by meter squared and dietitian is following with this. Number eight dysphagia managed with ground diet and thin liquids, followed by speech therapy. Number nine impaired mobility with decline in functional status much improved. Plan it is felt that the patient will benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living. The physician thank you very much.
