The patient was seen. Patient with no specific complaints. Case discussed with the physician, ID specialist {period} Patient's unfortunately kidney function continues to worsen. This may be secondary to colistin versus urinary retention versus infection versus other {period} Repeat urine culture does show gram-negative rods 60 to 70,000. In the meantime, plan is to hold antibiotic treatment as the patient's urine may be just colonized {period} Temperature is 98.2, pulse 68, respirations 24, blood pressure 88/49 borderline. In general, patient is in no acute distress. Patient is pale. Cardiovascular S1 and S2. Regular rate. Lungs all clear. Abdomen soft, slightly distended. Extremities no clubbing, cyanosis or edema. Labs sodium 137, potassium 5.5, chloride 105, bicarbonate 22, BUN 31, creatinine 2.68, glucose of 87. White count is 5.2, hemoglobin 9.5, hematocrit 30, platelet counts 122 with normal differential. Urine culture did show gram-negative rods 60 to 70,000. Patient's medications reviewed include albumin three dosages because of the patient's hypotension and worsening kidney function. Also on Protonix 40 mg daily, aspirin 81 mg daily, folic acid 1 mg daily, lactulose daily, Tylenol p.r.n., Flomax 0.4 daily, multivitamin one tab daily, Toprol-XL 12.5 daily, on hold secondary to hypotension, Verapamil IV p.r.n., ipratropium p.r.n., Morphine p.r.n., bacitracin b.i.d., heparin 5000 units subcu q.12., Ativan and Zofran p.r.n. Assessment and plan. Also PVR continues to be high before urination. Assessment and plan this is an unfortunate 61-year-old Caucasian male with history of alcoholic and hepatitis C liver cirrhosis, status post cardiopulmonary arrest. Number one respiratory. Stable status post trach removal and the patient was weaned successfully off the vent {period} Continue aspiration precautions. Next cardiovascular. Patient is status post non-ST elevation MI, status post medical management, slightly depressed ejection fraction stable. Continue heparin for DVT prophylaxis. Next infectious disease. Repeat urine culture are negative. Followup culture results. Hold antibiotics until there is evidence of infections such as leukocytosis, fever, etc. Next borderline hypotension. Boluses of albumin will be given. Observe. Next liver cirrhosis. Continue supportive care. Monitor ascites. Monitor liver enzymes. Next urinary retention. Continue Flomax. Continue to monitor closely. May need to put back the Foley if kidney function continues to worsen. Next hepatitis C. Outpatient Hepatology followup. Next generalized weakness. Continue physical therapy and occupational therapy. Next chronic pain. Next thrombocytopenia. Next hypomagnesemia. Magnesium supplements have been provided. We will continue to monitor. Patient is on renal diet. Case discussed as well with case management regarding placement at the skilled nursing facility. This is the end.

