Patient was seen. No specific complaints. I did notice the patient's urine culture in the past few days on Month, DD shows Klebsiella pneumoniae carbapenemase 60 to 70,000, sensitive to only to amikacin and repeat urine culture on Month, DD shows less than 10 to the 4th gram-negative rods. The plan is to hold antibiotic until unless there is an evidence of active infection clinically {period} Patient denies any urinary discomfort or retention. Noted postvoid residual numbers {period} Kidney function slightly improved today {period} Physical exam temperature is 98.1, pulse 62, respirations 20, blood pressure 101/67. In general, patient is in no acute distress. Patient is frail, pale. Cardiovascular positive S1 and S2. Regular rate. Lungs are clear. Abdomen soft, slightly distended. Extremities no clubbing, cyanosis, or edema. Labs white count is 3.1, hemoglobin went down to 8.7, hematocrit 27, platelet count is low at 106, and normal differential. Chemistry sodium is 141, potassium is now normal at 4.6, chloride 104, bicarbonate 32, BUN is 31, creatinine improved to 2.56, it peaked to 2.68 yesterday. Patient does have hepatitis C {period} Chest x-ray done yesterday shows no change from Month, DD, basically there is benign calcified granuloma at the right lung base laterally, mild airspace disease is present in the right upper lobe unchanged. Lungs are otherwise clear. Old healed fracture deformity of the distal left clavicle. Patient's medications all reviewed including Protonix 40 mg daily, aspirin 81 mg daily, folic acid 1 mg daily, lactulose daily, Tylenol p.r.n., Flomax 0.4 daily, multivitamin one tab daily, Toprol-XL 12.5 daily, Verapamil p.r.n., Ativan, Morphine, bacitracin b.i.d., heparin 5000 subcu q.12., Ativan p.r.n., Zofran p.r.n. Assessment and plan this is a 61-year-old Caucasian male with history of hepatitis C, alcoholic liver cirrhosis, history of cardiopulmonary arrest. Number one respiratory. Stable. O2 support as needed. Status post weaning off the vent, now trach removed, stable. Chest x-ray, no acute findings. Number two cardiovascular. Patient is status post non-ST elevation MI {period} With slightly depressed ejection fraction. Continue DVT prophylaxis with heparin {period} Platelet count is low. We will observe. Next infectious disease. Patient with positive urine cultures, clinically with no evidence of acute infectious process, likely colonization. We will follow, treat unless he has fever or worsening leukocytosis. Next liver cirrhosis. Supportive care. Outpatient hepatology followup for treatment for hepatitis C. Next urinary retention. Continue Flomax. Monitor in and out catheter as needed. Next generalized weakness. Physical therapy and occupational therapy. Placement at the skilled nursing facility soon as the patient is debilitated status post prolonged hospitalization. Next acute-on-chronic renal insufficiency. Observe. There is improvement in his kidney function and continue to monitor labs. Nephrology is following. Next worsening anemia. Observe. No evidence of active bleeding. This may be hemodilution as the patient had received albumin infusion in the past day. Again, p.r.n. transfusion will be provided. Next continue supportive care, pain control, anxiolytics as needed. This is the end.

