Patient was seen. Had a conversation with the patient's sister who came to visit him {period} Noted Urology recommendations and patient had urinary retention {quote} he is voiding adequately {period} Patient remains stable. He is afebrile. Temperature 97, pulse 84, respirations 20, blood pressure 128/77. In general, patient is in no acute distress, pale. Temporal wasting. Cardiovascular S1 and S2. Regular rate. Lungs are clear. Abdomen soft, slightly distended. Extremities no clubbing, cyanosis, or edema. Labs white count is 5, hemoglobin 9.2 that was yesterday. BUN and creatinine yesterday 24 and 2.43. Medications Renvela 1.6 g b.i.d. meals, Protonix 40 mg daily, aspirin daily, folic acid 1 mg daily, lactulose daily, Tylenol p.r.n., Flomax 0.4 daily, multivitamin one tab daily, Toprol-XL 12.5 daily, Verapamil p.r.n., Atrovent p.r.n., Morphine p.r.n., bacitracin b.i.d., heparin 5000 units subcu q.12., Ativan p.r.n., Zofran p.r.n. Assessment and plan this is a 61-year-old Caucasian male with history of hepatitis C, alcoholic liver cirrhosis, status post cardiopulmonary arrest. Number one respiratory. Doing well status post trach removal and O2 support as needed and breathing comfortably. Recent chest x-ray was unremarkable. Number two cardiovascular. Patient is stable status post acute MI. Patient is on medical management on aspirin and beta-blockers. Outpatient workup when the patient is stable, would be necessary {period} UTI and sepsis status post treatment. Repeat UA showed likely colonization of multi-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae carbapenemase. ID is following very well on the above culture results. Next continue Protonix for GI prophylaxis. Next renal insufficiency. Renvela was added. Continue to monitor kidney function {period} Next patient is eating well, he actually brings in food, which is not too appropriate as it is a fast food, and he is not following our diet recommendations. Next history of substance abuse. The sister is concerned about patient returning to his bad habits, we will consult social services to assist with outpatient services {period} Next generalized debilitated state status post prolonged hospitalization. Continue physical therapy. We will try to place him in a skilled nursing facility. Rehab also is a possibility, may be drug rehab {period} Next anemia. H and H is stable. There is no active bleeding. Next urinary retention. Urology is following. Patient is on Flomax {period} Next overall continues to improve {period} This is the end.

