00:00 to 00:15 History of present illness this is a cachectic 67-year-old woman who was transferred from outside facility to Hospital Name. Patient has a history of severe COPD with multiple admissions for hypoxemia, recently diagnosed with pneumonia, septic shock, tricuspid valve vegetations with blood cultures on month dd, yyyy grew Haemophilus influenza, history of E. coli UTI, atrial fibrillation status post rapid ventricular response, CHF, chronic degenerative joint disease, diabetes, history of cardiac stents, depression, anxiety, hypertension, hearing loss, episodic myoclonic movements, insomnia, history of left MCA CVA in 2007, chronic narcotic dependence. Past surgical history significant for TAH-BSO and tympanoplasty in 1988. Social history unknown except the patient was a heavy smoker per report. Patient was transferred to Hospital Name currently on Rocephin. As previously noted her blood cultures on month dd, yyyy grew Haemophilus influenza, however, repeat blood cultures on month dd, yyyy had been negative. Patient’s white blood cell count on admission is 14.6, H and H 9.7 and 29.5, platelets 323, neutrophils 85.3, potassium 2.9, BUN 12, creatinine 0.56, normal bilirubin. LFT, alk phos 161. Urinalysis negative for nitrite, leukocyte esterase. Chest x-ray revealed marked pulmonary scarring bilaterally. Indwellings trach, PEG, PICC line, and Foley catheter. Physical examination general this is a fragile chronically ill appearing elderly woman who is awake in no distress. Head atraumatic, normocephalic. Sclerae anicteric. Buccal mucosa dry. Neck is supple. Tracheostomy present. Chest rise symmetrical. Breath sounds clear with scattered crackles. Heart S1, S2. Abdomen soft. Bowel sounds present. Extremities without cyanosis or edema. Diagnostic impression this is a 67-year-old woman with numerous medical problems status post recent septic shock, UTI, pneumonia, and tricuspid valve endocarditis with blood culture initially grew Haemophilus influenza. Patient was transferred from outside facility where she was seen by infectious disease team. She is currently on IV Rocephin which we are going to continue for six weeks. Patient is going to be seen by Cardiology. A 2-D echo will be done. So far her cultures are pending and she is hemodynamically stable. We will continue her on current regimen. Further recommendations per cultures, diagnostics and the patient’s clinical course. Above was discussed with the physician.

