Medical status the patient was seen and examined on rounds in the patient’s room. He has made progress in all therapeutic areas. He is tolerating physical therapy, and occupational therapy and speech therapy. Review of systems he states his depression has much improved. He still complains of difficulty with gait excuse me he still complains of weakness and difficulty with gait. He complains of chronic low back pain and headaches. He voices no other new complaints. Remainder of the 14-point review of system is essentially negative. On exam, obese male, in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure is 135/89, temp is 97.8, heart rate 82. HEENT extraocular motions intact. Mucous membranes are moist without lesions. Neck is supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs are clear to auscultation without rhonchi or crepitus. No wheezing. Heart has regular rate and rhythm without murmurs. No extra sounds. Abdomen protuberant, soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Extremities with trace edema in the lower extremities. Spine is without paraspinal muscle tenderness noted. Neurologic diffuse weakness is noted at the hips, with give way weakness at the hips and knees, with 4+/5 muscle strength noted. There is a resting tremor with dyskinetic movements in the hands and lips. Labs no new labs are noted. Prior labs reviewed. Assessment Parkinsonism secondary to tardive dyskinesia. Number two ground-level fall, with mild traumatic brain injury, without loss of consciousness, with post-concussive syndrome. Number three disuse d i s u s e myopathy from prolonged immobilized state. Number four schizophrenia, managed with multidrug regimen, followed by the Psychiatry service. We will not attempt to wean any psych meds, as this will cause worsening of his condition. Number five morbid obesity. BMI is 34 kg/m2. Dietician is following with this. Number six hypertension, managed with multidrug regimen. Number seven hyperlipidemia, managed with Lipitor. Number eight seizure disorder, managed with Lamictal. Plan it is felt the patient will benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility, and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living and speech therapy for cognitive and language rehabilitation the physician thank you very much.
