Medical status patient was seen and examined on rounds in the patient's room. She continues to make progress in all therapeutic areas. She is tolerating physical therapy and occupational therapy. Review of systems she complains of sinus allergy. She voices no other new complaints. Remainder of the 14-point review of systems is essentially negative. Put back in the medical status she has been running with the low blood glucoses since returning from the hospital. It is noted that they had increased her Levemir insulin to 3 times daily. On exam, pleasant female in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure is 127/55, temperature 97.4, heart rate 90. HEENT extraocular motions intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi or crepitus. No wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs. No extra sounds. Abdomen soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Extremities with trace edema in the lower extremities. Spine without paraspinal muscle tenderness. Neurologic slight resting tremor noted. She does move all her extremities without focal weakness. Labs labs sodium 136, potassium 4.4, chloride 99, CO2 28, glucose 242, BUN 15, creatinine 0.68. WBC 11.0, hemoglobin 11.5, hematocrit 36.0. Assessment Number one Parkinson's disease with decline of functional status, managed with Sinemet 3 times daily. Number two hypothyroidism, managed with replacement therapy on Synthroid. Number three diabetes mellitus type 2 with neurologic manifestations. Blood sugars have been running low; Levemir has been decreased to her home dose of 8 units in the morning and 9 units at night. Number four hypertension, managed with multidrug regimen. Number five diabetic neuropathy, managed with Lyrica. Number six recent viral gastroenteritis, resolved. Number seven mild systolic congestive heart failure, currently compensated. Number eight hyperlipidemia, managed with Lipitor. Plan it is felt the patient will benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living the physician thank you very much.
