Reason for consult is PEG placement. History of present illness, patient is a 62-year-old male with a history of hypertension, cirrhosis, end-stage renal disease. He was admitted to outside hospital for worsening shortness of breath. Patient required BiPAP on presentation {period} His respiratory insufficiency was probably attributed to pneumonia. Once he was stabilized, he was transferred to Hospital Name for further management. At Hospital Name, he has had complicated hospital course with a trip to the intensive care unit, but most recently, he has been stable on the floor where he has been tolerating nasogastric tube feeds well. Patient has not been eating well orally, has not been following commands adequately, and is being concerned about oropharyngeal dysphagia {period} Past medical, surgical histosry, chronic hypoxemic-hypercapnic respiratory failure, end-stage renal disease, cirrhosis, adrenal insufficiency, depression, pancytopenia, paroxysmal AFib, right below-knee amputation. Social history, patient denies use of alcohol or tobacco. He is a skilled nursing facility resident. Family history, no history gastrointestinal malignancy. Allergies, sea food. Medications, Procrit, Effexor, Lipitor, depakene, ferrous sulfate, lubiprostone, zinc sulfate, hydrocortisone, simethicone, amiodarone, Colace, lactulose, Protonix, albuterol, Synthroid, Neurontin, Midodrine, Atarax, Norco, and vancomycin. Review of systems, patient stressed, but stable. Patient denies any fevers or chills. No chest pain. No easy bruising or bleeding. No hematuria or dysuria. On physical exam, patient has a blood pressure of 116/57, pulse is 99, temp is 98.1, respiratory rate is 22, O2 sat 100% on 3 liters. Generally, patient is chronically ill-appearing male, no acute distress. HEENT, head is normocephalic, atraumatic. Pupils are equal, round, reactive to light and accommodation. Extraocular muscles intact. Neck is supple. No JVD. Lungs, coarse breath sounds bilaterally. Heart has regular rate. Abdomen is soft, nontender, nondistended. Good bowel sounds. Extremities, no cyanosis or clubbing. 1+ pulses. Skin, no rash or lesion appreciated. Neurologically, patient alert to person, place; moves all extremities. Follows simple commands. Patient does have the right below-the-knee amputation. Laboratory, transcriptionist please note dictation, the date of this consultation is month dd, yyyy. Laboratory, patient has white count of 4.5, hemoglobin is 10, platelet count is 65. INR is 1.3. PTT is 39.9. Stool occult positive. Chest x-ray done on 1/25, cardiomegaly, mild pulmonary edema. Impression, recommendations, patient is a 62-year-old male with history of end-stage renal disease of hep C cirrhosis with feeding difficulty [skip] dysphagia. He may benefit from gastrostomy tube placement for long-term enteral nutritional support. Recommend abdominal ultrasound to evaluate for ascites. Presence of ascites would be developing contraindication to place any gastrostomy tube {period} Additionally for now, a formal swallow evaluation is pending to decide and reconfirm whether patient has any significant underlying dysphagia that will prohibit him from continuing oral intake {period} If, if it does confirm underlying dysphagia and there is evidence of ascites and if, if patient's family agree, we will go ahead and plan to proceed with placement of gastrostomy tube {period} Regarding bowel habits, patient is on both lactulose and Amitiza. Recommend stopping the Amitiza and just continue lactulose so patient has two to three soft bowel movements per day. Additionally, continue with rifaximin b.i.d. for possible underlying encephalopathy, which may contribute underlying dysphagia and poor and poor oral intake and feeding difficulties {period} Regarding underlying pneumonia, this has been improving. Patient has minimal supplemental oxygen requirement. Continue with, patient is currently off antibiotic. ID is following patient {period} Regarding end-stage renal disease, Nephrology is following. Continue with hemodialysis {period} Thank you for this consultation. Follow patient with you. End of dictation.
