Medical status patient was seen and examined on rounds in the patient’s room. He continues to make progress in all therapeutic areas. He did have a fall while leaning against an exit door. He had no acute injuries. He has no further complaints of pain regarding the fall. He is tolerating physical therapy and occupational therapy. Review of systems he complains of low back pain and shoulder pain. He voices no other new complaints. His pain is improved on increased hydrocodone. Remainder of the 14-point review of systems is essentially negative. On exam, pleasant male, in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure 128/82, temperature 98.4, heart rate 84. HEENT extraocular motions are intact. Mucous membranes are moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi, crepitus. No wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs. No extra sounds. Abdomen soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Extremities with trace edema in lower extremities. Spine paraspinal muscle tenderness noted. Neurologic give-way weakness at the hips and shoulders with 5-/5 strength noted. Labs Pro time is 30.4, INR is 2.8. Lovenox has been discontinued. Assessment disuse d i s u s e myopathy from prolonged acute illness and prolonged acute hospitalization. Number two aortic valve replacement, managed therapeutic on Coumadin, INR is 2.8. The physician from the Internal Medicine Service is following. Number three chronic pain syndrome, managed with Norco q.4h. as needed for pain and Mobic for arthritic pain control. Number four mood disorder. Managed with Zoloft. Psychiatry service is following and they have added they have added they have added Zyprexa has been added with improved improved mood control. Number five migraine headaches. Managed with Fioricet. Number six chronic anxiety disorder, managed with benzodiazepine as needed. Plan it is felt that patient will benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living the physician thank you very much.
