History is as follows patient is a pleasant 77-year-old African American female, who sustained a ground level fall on month dd, yyyy twisting her left ankle. She was seen by the physician from the orthopedic surgery service on month dd, yyyy secondary to progressive ankle pain with difficulty ambulating and standing. X-rays revealed the left the left lateral malleolus ankle fracture. Patient was admitted to Hospital Name in city on month dd, yyyy and patient underwent an open reduction and internal fixation of the left lateral lateral ankle fracture. Patient was made placed on she was put in a postoperative splint and placed on nonweightbearing status to the left lower extremity. She was stabilized and admitted to Hospital Name on month dd, yyyy for comprehensive inpatient rehabilitation. Past medical history is significant for breast cancer, status post mastectomy, atherosclerotic coronary artery disease, distant history of cerebrovascular accident, diabetes mellitus type 2 with neurologic manifestation, diabetic neuropathy, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, hypothyroidism, and lumbar spinal stenosis. Past surgical history includes bilateral mastectomy and right carpal tunnel surgery. Medications on admission allergies sulfa medication. Medications on admission include Oscal D 500 mg b.i.d., hydralazine 50 mg three times daily, Keppra 500 mg 250 mg b.i.d., Synthroid 100 mcg q.d., Lisinopril 20 mg twice daily., Glucophage 500 mg b.i.d., metoprolol 100 mg b.i.d., Ditropan ER 10 mg q. day., Tramadol as needed for pain. Review of systems she complains of left ankle pain. She denies any nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, wheezing, shortness of breath, cough, chest pain, abdominal pain, back pain, neck pain, headaches, dizziness, fevers, no chills. She denies any dysuria. The remainder of the 14-point review of systems is essentially negative. Family history mother died at age 96 of old age. Father died in her 80s in his late 80s of old age. No the patient is diabetic, no one else in the family with diabetes. Patient had heart disease but no one else in the family with heart disease. No cancer in the family other than the patient with breast cancer. Social history she lives in Fort Worth alone in a single-level home. Family physician is the physician. On exam obese female, in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure 123/66, temperature 98.2, and heart rate 72. HEENT extraocular motions intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi, crepitus, no wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs or extra sounds. Abdomen soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Extremities with trace edema. Spine without paraspinal tenderness. Neurologic decreased sensation noted in the stocking distribution in lower extremities. Labs labs WBC 9.6, hemoglobin 10.0, hematocrit 31.0, sodium 142, potassium 5.0, chloride 105, CO2 26, glucose 90, BUN 20, and creatinine 1.39. Functional status functional status, transfers transfers might require min assist, patient is able to stand with min assist for 30 seconds, I am sorry ambulation contact guard assist for 150 feet with a rolling walker. Assessment Number one left lateral malleolus ankle fracture, status post open reduction and internal fixation, the patient is still nonweightbearing to the left lower extremity. Number two number two number two diabetes mellitus type 2 with neurologic manifestation. Number three diabetic neuropathy, managed without neuropathic medications. Number four hyper hypothyroidism, managed with replacement therapy and Synthroid. Number five hypercholesterolemia, managed with statin. Number six hypertension, managed with multidrug regimen. Number seven lumbar stenosis with chronic low back pain. Number next history of cerebrovascular accident with late effect of balance deficit, frequent falls. Number next atherosclerotic coronary artery disease, managed with managed with blood pressure control. We may want to consider aspirin and statin for prophylaxis. And then put back on the diabetic neuropathy put managed with Neurontin. Then Plan it is felt that the patient will benefit from continued inpatient rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living.
