Medical status patient was seen and examined on rounds in the patient’s room. She continues to make progress in all therapeutic areas. She is tolerating physical therapy and occupational therapy. Review of systems she complaints of left ankle pain. Oh put back in the medical status she did see her surgeon The Physician from the orthopedic surgery service who feels things are healing well. Review of systems she complaints of left ankle pain. She voices no other new complaints. The remainder of the 14-point review of systems is essentially negative. On exam obese female, in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure is 133/67, temperature is 97.6, and heart rate 70. HEENT extraocular motions intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi, crepitus, no wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs or extra sounds. Abdomen soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Extremities without edema with trace edema in the lower extremities. Spine without paraspinal tenderness. Neurologic decreased sensation noted in the stocking distribution. Labs sodium 142, potassium 4.2, chloride 104, CO2 29, glucose 87, BUN 25, creatinine 1.19, SGOT 10, SGPT 7, Alk Phos 68. WBC 5.6, hemoglobin 9.8, hematocrit 30.4. Assessment left lateral malleolar fracture, status post open reduction and internal fixation. Patient is still nonweightbearing to the left lower extremity. Number two diabetes mellitus type 2 with neurologic manifestation. Number three diabetic neuropathy, managed without neuropathic medication I am sorry managed with Neurontin. Number four hypothyroidism, managed with replacement therapy and Synthroid. Number five hypercholesterolemia, managed with statin. Number six hypertension, managed with multidrug regimen. Number seven lumbar stenosis with chronic low back pain. Number eight history of cerebrovascular accident with late effect of balance deficits and frequent falls. Number nine atherosclerotic coronary artery disease, managed with blood pressure control. Plan it is felt that the patient will benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living. The Physician. Thank you very much.
