Medical status patient was seen and examined on rounds in the patient’s room. She is continuing to make progress in all therapeutic areas. She is tolerating physical therapy, occupational therapy and speech therapy. Review of systems she still complains of left-sided weakness although she has increased strength noted. She voices no other new complaints. Remainder of the 14-point review of systems is essentially negative. On exam morbidly obese female, in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure 126/78, temperature 98.4, heart rate 78. HEENT extraocular motions intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi or crepitus. No wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs, no extra sounds. Abdomen soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Abdomen protuberant, soft, nontender, no organomegaly. Extremities 1+ edema in the lower extremities. Spine without paraspinal muscle tenderness noted. Neurologic left hemiparesis noted there is some increased fine motor control in the left hand. Labs no new labs noted prior labs reviewed. Radiology left hip x-ray fails to reveal any fractures or arthritis. Assessment right nondominant hemisphere cerebrovascular with prior history of multiple cerebrovascular accidents with new CT scan evidence of a new right posterior temporal hematoma. The Physician is following from the internal medicine service. Number two left hemiparesis with improvement in strength noted in the left upper extremity. Number three expressive aphasia with anomia, improved. She is followed by Speech Therapy. Number four vascular encephalopathy, followed for cognitive and language Speech Therapy following for cognitive and language rehabilitation. Number five left leg pain improved on Neurontin. Number six urinary tract infection resolved. Number seven hypothyroidism managed with replacement therapy and Synthroid. Number eight hypertension managed without antihypertensives. Number nine gastroesophageal reflux disease, managed with Protonix. Number 10 seizure prophylaxis, managed with Keppra. Number 11 depression and anxiety disorder, managed with Trintellix. Number 12 restless legs syndrome, managed with Mirapex. Number 13 urinary incontinence, managed with Detrol. Number 14 obesity. BMI is 32 kg/m2. Dietitian is following with this. Number 15 history of deep venous thrombosis, recent Doppler reveals extensive DVTs in both lower extremities. She has an IVC filter placement and anticoagulation contraindicated in light of hemorrhagic cerebrovascular accidents. Plan it is felt the patient will benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living and speech therapy for cognitive and language rehabilitation. The Physician. Thank you very much.
