History is as follows patient is a 78-year-old female who is well known to our service at Hospital Name from Month DD, YYYY until Month DD, YYYY. She was recently admitted to Hospital Name in city on 1/4 [skip] with left-sided weakness and difficulty with speech. CT scan of the brain revealed an acute right superior frontal intraparenchymal hemorrhage with small subarachnoid hemorrhage. She had a CT angiogram of the brain that failed to reveal any arterial dissection. Her AV fistula, it was relatively normal CTA of the head and neck. Magnetic resonance imaging revealed right frontal intraparenchymal hemorrhage measuring approximately 2 cm of greatest diameter. She had previously been on aspirin, which was discontinued. She was placed on Keppra for seizure prophylaxis. Prior to aspirin, she was on Eliquis and this was discontinued also secondary to intracranial hemorrhage. She was transferred to Hospital Name on Month DD, YYYY and underwent comprehensive stroke rehabilitation. She was followed by The Physician from the Internal Medicine Service and The Physician and The Physician from the Neurology Service. She made progress, but then had a decline in functional status. CT scan of the brain revealed some increased size of the hematoma. She had a magnetic resonance imaging performed, which revealed interval increase in the right frontal hematoma with increased brain edema and interval development of multiple small right frontotemporal occipital punctate infarcts. She was started on IV steroids by The Physician with a significant clinical improvement in her function, language, and mobility. She was stable and weaned off steroids. She is now being admitted to Hospital Name for subacute rehabilitation. Past medical history is significant for atrial fibrillation, prior cerebrovascular accident in Month YYYY and most recently in Month YYYY. She has a history of hypertension, lupus and kyphoscoliosis. Past surgical history hysterectomy, tonsillectomy, bilateral cataract lens replacements. Allergies sulfa medications. Medications on admission, Lipitor 40 mg q.h.s., Pepcid 20 mg b.i.d., Keppra 750 mg b.i.d., metoprolol 25 mg b.i.d., Risperdal 1 mg q.h.s. as needed for agitation and trazodone 25 mg q.h.s. Review of systems she complains of some left-sided weakness and language deficits as well as left-sided visual field loss. She denies any nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, wheezing, shortness of breath, cough, chest pain, abdominal pain, back pain, neck pain, headaches, dizziness, fevers, no chills. She denies dysuria. The remainder of the 14-point review of systems essentially negative. Family history mother died at age 93 of old age, father died at age 76 of emphysema. He was a coal miner. No diabetes or heart disease in the immediate family. Sister had breast cancer. Social history she lives alone in city in a single level home. There is one step to enter. Family physician is The Physician. On exam, pleasant female, in no acute distress. Vital signs stable. Blood pressure is 122/75, temperature 98.2, heart rate 72. HEENT extraocular motions intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi, crepitus, no wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs or extra sounds. Abdomen soft, nontender, no organomegaly. Extremities with trace edema in her lower extremities. Spine thoracic kyphoscoliosis is noted. Neurologic patient has left-sided weakness. There is a pronator drift noted in the left upper extremity with her arms outstretched an d the eyes closed. There is decreased fine motor control noted in left hand. There is a left dense left homonymous hemianopsia with left visual field deficit and left neglect. Sensation appears intact. Labs WBC 8.5, hemoglobin 11.9, hematocrit 36.1, sodium 138, potassium 4.4, chloride 107, CO2 25, glucose 92, BUN 25, creatinine 0.93. Functional status feeding and grooming are independent, bathing and dressing require min assist for upper extremities, moderate assist for lower extremity transfers, require minimal to moderate assist for ambulation, moderate assist with 200 feet with a rolling walker. Assessment number one right acute right dominant hemisphere, frontal intraparenchymal hemorrhage. Number two right frontal subarachnoid hemorrhage, now off of Eliquis and aspirin. Number three recent increased right frontal hematoma with increased brain edema brain edema and interval development of multiple small right frontal occipital punctate infarcts. Number four prior right dominant hemisphere, embolic, cerebrovascular accident in Month YYYY. Number five atrial fibrillation, rate controlled. Now off anticoagulation secondary to recurrent intracranial hemorrhage. Number six seizure prophylaxis, managed with Keppra. Number seven hypertension, managed with single drug regimen. Number eight hypercholesterolemia, managed with statin. Number nine aphasia, with verbal apraxia and word-finding difficulties, followed by speech therapy. Number 10 left homonymous hemianopsia with left neglect. Number 11 Left mild left hemiparesis. Number 12 protein caloric malnutrition. Number 13 agitation, improved with Risperdal at night as needed. Plan it is felt that the patient will benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living and speech therapy for cognitive and language rehabilitation. The Physician. Carbon copy to The Physician. Thank you.
