History is as follows patient is well-known to my service from an inpatient stay at Hospital Name from Month DD, YYYY until Month DD, YYYY. During her rehab hospitalization oh she was originally admitted to Hospital Name Medical Center on Month DD, YYYY with complaints of right knee pain and low back pain. X-rays revealed severe degenerative joint disease of her right knee. She had a CT scan, which again revealed no fractures, but severe degenerative joint disease. She underwent physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living. She is followed by The Physician from the Internal Medicine Service. She has made progress, but was unable to be discharged home and now is being admitted to Hospital Name for subacute rehabilitation. Past medical history significant for coronary artery disease status post PTCA with stenting, hypertension and prior history of left CVA with mild right hemiparesis and hypercholesterolemia. Past surgical history oophorectomy, tubal ligation, subsequent hysterectomy, PTCA with stenting and a pacemaker placement. Allergies Flexeril. Medications on admission include Norvasc 10 mg a day, aspirin 81 mg a day, Lisinopril 20 mg q. day, Claritin-D one tab q.12 hours, Toprol-XL 100 mg q. day, MiraLax 17 g q, day, potassium chloride 10 mEq q, day, Effient 10 mg q, day, Zoloft 100 mg q, day, torsemide 20 mg q, day and Norco as needed for pain. Review of systems patient complains of right knee pain and right-sided weakness. She denies any nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, wheezing, shortness of breath, cough, chest pain, abdominal pain, back pain, neck pain, headache, dizziness, fever or chills. She denies any dysuria. The remainder of the 14-point review of systems is essentially negative. Family history mother died at age 38 during the patient's childbirth, she had severe postpartum hemorrhage. Father died at age 62 of a heart attack. No diabetes or cancer in the immediate family. No other family members other than her father with heart disease. Social history she lives in county in a single level home. There are five steps to enter from the front and two steps in back. Family physician is The Physician. On exam pleasant female, in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure is 128/87, temperature 98.2, heart rate 70. HEENT extraocular motions intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi, crepitus or wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs. No extra sounds. Abdomen soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Extremities with trace edema. Spine lumbosacral paraspinal tenderness noted. Neurologic mild right-sided weakness noted with 4+/5 strength noted in the right upper and lower extremities. Slight pronator drift noted in the right hand. There is some decreased fine motor control noted in the right hand. Labs WBC 3.9, hemoglobin 12.0, hematocrit 37.1. Sodium 142, potassium 4.1, chloride 105, CO2 of 29, glucose 101, BUN 19, creatinine 0.9. Functional status feeding and grooming are independent with setup, bathing and dressing independent with setup for upper extremities, supervision for lower extremities. Transfers, modified independent. Ambulation, moderate assist for 50 feet with the rolling walker. Assessment number one left CVA with late effects of mild right hemiparesis. Number two severe osteoarthritis of the right knee and lumbar spine. Number three coronary artery disease, status post PTCA with stenting. Number four hyperparathyroidism with mild hypercalcemia. Number five hypertension, managed with multi-drug regimen. Number six depression and anxiety disorder, managed with Zoloft and anxiolytics as needed. Plan it is felt the patient will benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living. The Physician Thank you very much.
