Medical status history patient is well known to our service from an inpatient stay at Hospital name from Month DD, YYYY until Month DD, YYYY. He was originally admitted to Hospital name with an acute gouty flaring of the left foot and left knee on Month DD, YYYY until Month DD, YYYY. The patient was discharged to home and he had significant functional decline. He had a prior history of right CVA with left hemiparesis. He was admitted to Hospital name for late effects of right CVA with left hemiparesis. During his rehab hospitalization, he was followed by the physician from the Internal Medicine Service. He made progress in all  therapeutic areas and now is being is being admitted to Hospital name for subacute rehabilitation. Past medical history is significant for remote CVA with late effects of hemiparesis, diabetes mellitus type 2 with neurologic manifestation, diabetic polyneuropathy, diabetic retinopathy, seizure disorder, hypothyroidism, gouty arthritis, urinary incontinence, and congestive heart failure, past surgical oh and morbid obesity. Past surgical history appendectomy and bladder surgery. Allergies no known drug allergies. Medications on admission include aspirin 81 mg q. day, clonidine as needed for hypertension, vitamin D2 50,000 units q. week, Neurontin 400 mg three times daily, Keppra 500 mg b.i.d., melatonin 6 mg q.h.s., NovoLog sliding scale, ReQuip 0.25 mg q.h.s., Zocor 20 mg q. day and Tramadol as needed for pain. Review of systems he complains of left-sided weakness and left foot and knee pain. He denies any nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, wheezing, shortness of breath, cough, chest pain, abdominal pain, back pain, neck pain, headaches, dizziness, fevers, or chills. He denies any dysuria. Remainder of the 14-point review of systems is essentially negative. On exam, morbidly obese male, in no acute distress. Vital signs stable. Blood pressure is blood pressure is 122/68, temperature 97.2, heart rate 77. HEENT extraocular motions intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi or crepitus. No wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs. No extra sounds. Abdomen protuberant, soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Extremities have 1+ edema in the lower extremities. Spine without paraspinal muscle tenderness. Neurologic patient has dense left hemiparesis. He has 2/5 strength noted at the left hip and knee with trace movement at the left ankle. He has dense left upper extremity paresis. There is decreased sensation noted in the stocking distribution. Labs WBC 8.6, hemoglobin 12.5, hematocrit 37.7. Sodium 141, potassium 4.6, chloride 103, CO2 32, glucose 132, BUN 17, creatinine 1.01. Functional status transfers require moderate to max assist, ambulation max assist for ten feet in the parallel bars. Assessment number one remote non-dominant right cerebrovascular accident with late effects of left hemiparesis in the left neglect. He does have left ankle foot arthrosis. Number two impaired number two diabetes mellitus type 2 with neurologic manifestation. Number three diabetic polyneuropathy, managed with Neurontin. Number five seizure disorder, managed with Keppra. Number six hypothyroidism, managed with replacement therapy and Synthroid. Number seven gouty arthritis, managed with [skip] as needed colchicine as needed. Number eight congestive heart failure, appears compensated at the present time. Number nine chronic urinary incontinence. Managed with voiding schedule. Number 10 morbid obesity. BMI is 47 Kg/m2. Benefits of weight loss discussed with the patient. Dietitian is following with this. Plan it is felt the patient will benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living. 
