Reason for consult is PEG malfunction. Date of consultation was month dd, yyyy. History of present illness, patient is a 71-year-old white male with history of encephalopathy, diabetes, and hypertension and coronary artery disease who presented to outside hospital with hypotension and respiratory insufficiency. He was diagnosed with sepsis attributed to pneumonia, also found to have elevated troponins attributed to non-ST-elevated MI versus demand ischemia with IV antibiotic. Patient was was stabilized and subsequently transferred to Hospital Name for further management. At Hospital Name, patient was noted to have pulled out gastrostomy tube and is currently being fed via nasogastric tube, which he is tolerating well {period} Patient was unable to provide any history. All history is obtained from the chart of previous records {period} Past medical, surgical history includes encephalopathy, coronary artery disease, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, bipolar disorder, depression, peripheral vascular disease, status post right below-the-knee amputation, anemia, hypoxemic respiratory failure, status post lower extremity bypass surgery. Review of systems, unable to obtain. Patient with encephalopathy. Social history, patient is skilled nursing facility resident. No history of tobacco or alcohol. Allergies, lamotrigine. Medications, albuterol, prednisone, vitamin D, aspirin, pravastatin, neomycin, Lovenox 30 q.d., morphine, Zofran. On physical exam, patient has a blood pressure of 97/35, pulse is 101, temp is 97, respiratory rate is 20, O2 sat 92% on non-rebreather. Generally, patient is chronically ill-appearing white male, moderate respiratory distress. HEENT, head is normocephalic, atraumatic. Pupils are equal, round, reactive to light and accommodation. Extraocular motions intact {period} Extraocular motions are intact. Neck is supple. No masses. Lungs, coarse breath sounds bilaterally. Heart is tachy, regular rate. Abdomen is soft, nontender, nondistended. Foley catheter is in place of previous gastrostomy tube. Extremities, no cyanosis or clubbing. 1+ pulses. Skin, no rash or lesion appreciated. Neurologically, patient minimally responsive to pain. Moves all extremities in response to pain. Laboratory, patient has a white count of 5.7, hemoglobin is 10.1, and platelet count is 395. INR is 1.4. PTT is 42. Patient has creatinine of .81, BUN is 23. Chest x-ray done on 2/11 shows consolidation, left lung base. Impression, recommendations, patient is a 71-year-old male with history of multiple medical problems including encephalopathy, diabetes, and hypertension with with associated dysphagia requiring gastrostomy tube for long period nutritional support. Agree, note that patient will benefit from EGD with replacement of gastrostomy tube. This is best done once patient is medically stable with improvement in his respiratory status and also ideally treatment of underlying scabies. Patient at, is at somewhat of an increased risk from a cardiac standpoint because of recent elevated troponins and likely cardiac [skip] at least likely cardiac ischemia secondary to septicemia. Consequently, I will minimize sedation for the procedure {period} For now, continue with prednisone and bronchodilators for respiratory insufficiency. Pulmonary Medicine is following {period} Continue with nutrition per NG tube, which patient has been tolerating well {period} Regarding history of coronary artery disease, continue with aspirin. There has been no risk of gastrointestinal bleeding despite the fact the patient has been anemic, continue to monitor. Consider starting the patient on proton pump inhibitor {period} Thank you for this consultation. Follow patient with you. End of dictation.
