
History is as follows patient is a 66-year-old male who is well known to our service from an inpatient stay at Hospital Name from month dd, yyyy until month dd, yyyy. He had a long history of diabetes and diabetic neuropathy. He developed a right foot wound and was admitted to Hospital Name in city on month dd, yyyy. He was seen by The Physician from the Podiatry Service. He underwent a right second metatarsal wound debridement with advancement of a flap closure with percutaneous Achilles tendon lengthening and wound closure. The patient was placed on postoperative splint. He was followed by The Physician from the Infectious Disease Service. He is placed on broad-spectrum antibiotics and was admitted to Hospital on oral doxycycline. Patient underwent physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living. Patient has done well in all therapeutic areas and now being admitted to Hospital Name for comprehensive inpatient rehabilitation secondary to right partial foot amputation with wound closure and late effects of cerebrovascular accident. Past medical history significant for right cerebrovascular accident with mild left hemiparesis. Number two paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. Number three coronary artery disease status post coronary artery bypass graft. Number four systolic congestive heart failure. Number five diabetes mellitus type 2 with neurologic manifestation. Number six diabetic neuropathy. Number seven hypertension. Number eight morbid obesity. Past surgical history includes a PTCA with stenting no I am sorry and subsequent coronary artery bypass graft. Number two right shoulder surgical repair of fracture dislocation. Allergies no known drug allergies. Medications on admission include aspirin 325 mg q. day., Lipitor 20 mg q.h.s., Cymbalta 30 mg q. day, 70/30 insulin 23 units twice daily with meals, NovoLog sliding scale, lisinopril 40 mg b.i.d., melatonin 6 mg q.h.s., metoprolol 50 mg b.i.d., Flomax 0.4 mg q. day, tramadol as needed for pain, and zinc 220 mg q. day. Review of systems he complains of neuropathic pain in the feet and dyspnea on exertion. He complains of urinary frequency. He denies any nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, wheezing, shortness of breath, cough, chest pain, abdominal pain, back pain, neck pain, headaches, dizziness, fevers, no chills. He denies any dysuria. The remainder of the 14-point review of systems is essentially negative. Family history mother died at age 67 of heart disease and complications of diabetes. Father's medical history is unknown. Maternal grandmother as well as mother had diabetes. Maternal grandmother and maternal grandfather had heart disease. Maternal aunt had some form of cancer. Social history he lives in City in the first floor apartment. There are no steps to enter. He does not have a family physician. He utilizes Hospital Name. On exam, morbidly obese male, in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure is 138/78, temperature 98.4, and heart rate 109 or heart rate 88. HEENT extraocular motions intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs are clear to auscultation without rhonchi, crepitus, no wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs, no extra sounds. Abdomen protuberant, soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Extremities with trace edema in the left lower extremity, there is some venous stasis changes noted. Right lower extremity is in a short leg splint. Toes have dysvascular changes. Neurologic spine without paraspinal tenderness. I am sorry spine is without paraspinal tenderness. Neurologic decreased sensation noted in the stocking distribution. He has decreased fine motor control noted in the left hand and give way weakness noted in the left lower extremity at the hip and knee and ankle with 4-/5 strength noted. Labs sodium 141, potassium 4.0, chloride 105, CO2 27, glucose 113, BUN 24, creatinine 1.14, WBC 7.2, hemoglobin 14.2, hematocrit 42.7. Functional status on admission feeding and grooming are independent with setup. Bathing and dressing and modified independent transfers min assist ambulation, patient was non-ambulatory. Assessment number one left first ray amputation secondary to diabetic ulcer. Number two left second metatarsal left [skip]. I am sorry put right first ray amputation secondary to diabetic ulceration. Number two right foot ulceration status post debridement with advancement of flap closure. Okay I am sorry so diagnoses number one right first ray amputation secondary to diabetic ulceration. Number two right foot ulceration status post debridement with advancement of flap closure. Number three Achilles tendon contracture status post percutaneous Achilles tendon lengthening. Number four right cerebrovascular accident with late effects of left hemiparesis. Number five hypertension, managed with multi-drug regimen. Number six coronary artery disease status post coronary artery bypass grafting. Number seven cardiovascular prophylaxis, managed with aspirin and statin. Number eight paroxysmal atrial fibrillation, not on anticoagulation secondary to patient compliance. Number nine diabetes mellitus type 2 with neurological manifestation. Number ten diabetic neuropathy, much improved on Cymbalta. Number eleven hypercholesterolemia, managed with statin. Number twelve obesity. BMI is 32.5 Kg/m2. Benefits of weight loss discussed with the patient. Dietitian is following with this. Number thirteen systolic congestive heart failure, currently compensated. Managed with multi-drug regimen. Plan it is felt the patient would benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living.
