
Reason for consultation COPD exacerbation. This is an unfortunate 75-year-old man with a history of severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease {comma} hypothyroidism {comma} and schizoaffective disorder who was admitted to Hospital Name on month dd, yyyy with a three-day history of increasing dyspnea {period} The patient is a resident of a Skilled Nursing Facility and was noted to be in acute respiratory distress and transferred to Urgent Care at Hospital Name{period} Upon arrival he was noted to have use of accessory muscles and was felt to have an acute exacerbation of COPD {period} Admitting chest x-ray showed only subsegmental atelectasis of the right lower lobe and a normal white blood cell count {period} Arterial blood gas upon admission to Hospital Name showed pH 7.38, pCO2 47, and pO2 of 80 {period} He was aggressively treated for acute exacerbation of COPD including intravenous corticosteroids {comma} intensive bronchodilator therapy {comma} and initiation of antibiotic treatment for community acquired pneumonia specifically ceftriaxone and azithromycin {period} The patient showed only modest improvement so was transferred to Hospital Name on month dd, yyyy {period} Upon arrival here he was noted to have persistent bronchospasm and was continued on high dose corticosteroids {period} His bronchodilators were continued and a prolonged course of intravenous and oral antibiotic has been continued {period} Admission chest x-ray showed subtle bibasilar infiltrates representing either atelectasis or pneumonia as well as a elevated right hemidiaphragm {period} The patient's symptoms have reportedly improved but pulmonary consultation is requested to assess his resolution of his COPD exacerbation and recommend further ongoing therapy {period} Review of systems is impossible due to the patient's psychiatric disease. Past medical history number one severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Number two schizoaffective disorder. Three possible depression. Four benign prostatic hypertrophy. Five hypothyroidism. Social history patient is divorced has and has a son and daughter {period} His occupational history was significant for being a driver for street with no known occupational exposure {period} Smoking history patient has a 70-pack year smoking history but quit 15 years ago. Alcohol history none. Illicit drug use none. Allergies nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory medications, penicillin, acetaminophen, cyclobenzaprine, gluten, and wheat. Medications prednisone 20 mg p.o. daily, Colace 200 mg p.o. daily, vitamin D 1200 international units p.o. daily, lactulose 30 g p.o. b.i.d., levocarnitine 990 mg p.o. t.i.d., aspirin 81 mg p.o. daily, flutamide 250 mg p.o. q.8 hours, atorvastatin 10 mg p.o. daily, Synthroid 37.5 mcg p.o. daily, ceftriaxone 1 g IV piggyback daily, azithromycin 750 mg IV piggyback daily, Haldol 0.5 mg IM q.6 hours p.r.n. agitation, loratadine 10 mg p.o. daily, Flomax 0.4 mg p.o. daily, enoxaparin 40 mg subcutaneous daily, DuoNeb 3 cc nebulized q.4 hours, Remeron 7.5 mg p.o. q.h.s., Aricept 5 mg p.o. q.h.s., Zyprexa 20 mg p.o. q.h.s., Depakote 50 mg p.o. b.i.d. Physical exam this is a ill appearing elderly man in no acute respiratory distress on nasal cannula oxygen. Temperature 97.1, pulse 88, respirations 20, blood pressure 126/71. Head normocephalic with no evidence of recent trauma or other deformities {period} Mild bitemporal wasting {period} Eyes extraocular muscles are grossly intact and pupils are reactive to light. Ears hearing is grossly intact with normal external ears. Mouth good oral hygiene. Pharynx is clear with no evidence of exudates or erythema. Neck supple with no jugular venous distention or adenopathy. Nose nares are apparently patent with nasal cannula present. Chest moderate hyperinflation of the chest with no use of accessory muscles of respiration. Breath sounds are clear with prolonged expiratory phase of the respiratory cycle. Heart regular rhythm with no audible murmurs or extra sounds. Abdomen rounded, moderately obese, and nondistended {period} Abdomen is soft with no palpable masses or rebound. Extremities well-healed surgical scar in the right ankle on the lateral aspect but no edema {period} Distal pulses are diminished, but no clubbing or cyanosis noted. Neurologic patient is awake and responsive although inconsistent {period} His participation in the exam was poor {period} Labs WBC 6.7, hemoglobin 11.3, hematocrit 37.9, platelet count 190,000. Sodium 139, potassium 4.0, BUN 11, creatinine 0.5, glucose 122, calcium 8.4, phosphorus 2.4, magnesium 2.4, procalcitonin 0.34. Arterial blood gas performed on 01/7/2017 on two L nasal cannula oxygen pH 7.44, pCO2 of 50, pO2 84, bicarbonate 34, oxygen saturation 94%. Impressions number one chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with resolving acute exacerbation. Number two schizoaffective disorder {comma} controlled. Three major depression {comma} controlled. Four hypothyroidism on replacement therapy. Five dyslipidemia. Six benign prostatic hypertrophy. Recommendations number one continue nasal cannula oxygen supplementation but titrate down as tolerated to maintain oxygen saturation between 90 and 94%. Number two continue current bronchodilator regimen with DuoNeb q.4 hours. Three continue rapid taper of corticosteroids currently on 20 mg daily but would decrease in three days to 10 mg p.o. daily for three days then discontinue. Next discontinue antibiotic therapy as the regimen has apparently been in place since month dd, yyyy and should be adequate to cover for his respiratory infection. Next patient is stable from a pulmonary standpoint for discharge to skilled nursing level. 


