
Reason for consultation chronic respiratory failure. This is a very unfortunate 72-year-old man with a history of severe nonischemic cardiomyopathy status post cardiac arrest with severe residual anoxic encephalopathy in Month DD, YYYY who was admitted from his skilled nursing facility to Hospital  on Month DD, YYYY with abdominal distention and [skip]dyspnea {period} The patient was evaluated in the emergency department and was found to have episodes of supraventricular tachycardia and was admitted to telemetry unit {period} He is he was evaluated by Cardiology who began the patient on amiodarone and beta-blocker {period} He was also noted to be severely distended and was evaluated by the general surgeon {period} KUB was performed which showed evidence of distention but no evidence of bowel obstruction {period} He was evaluated for pulmonary infection and was noted to have leukocytosis {period} He was begun on a course of aztreonam and Flagyl for presumed aspiration pneumonia {period} He is transferred to Hospital for further management of his numerous medical problems including his acute and chronic respiratory failure {comma} acute tracheobronchitis {comma} and severe abdominal distention {period} At the time of evaluation by me the patient had his eyes open but was in his usual state of persistent vegetative state {period} Review of systems is impossible due to the patient's severe encephalopathy. Past medical history number one severe nonischemic cardiomyopathy with recurrent acute systolic heart failure. Number two chronic hypoxemic and hypercapnic respiratory failure on chronic mechanical ventilation. Number three severe anoxic encephalopathy. Four recurrent respiratory tract infections including tracheobronchitis and aspiration pneumonia. Five recurrent urinary tract infections. Six type two diabetes mellitus. Social history the patient is a resident of a skilled nursing facility called Chalet. Family history unknown. Allergies to piperacillin and tazobactam. Medications aztreonam 1 g IV piggyback q.8 hours. Flagyl 500 mg IV piggyback q.8 hours. Atorvastatin 20 mg down the G-tube daily. Amiodarone 200 mg down the G-tube daily. Aspirin 81 mg down the G-tube daily. Pepcid 20 mg down the G-tube daily. TriCor 145 mg down the G-tube daily. Lasix 40 mg down the G-tube daily. Bio-K one cap down the G-tube daily. Omega-3 capsules 1000 mg down the G-tube daily. MiraLax 17 g down the G-tube b.i.d. Aldactone 25 mg down the G-tube daily. Vitamin B1 100 mg down the G-tube daily. Levemir 10 units subcutaneous b.i.d. Coreg 6.25 mg down the G-tube b.i.d. Regular insulin q.6 hours p.r.n. per sliding scale. Reglan 10 mg down the G-tube q.8 hours p.r.n. for high gastric residuals. DuoNeb 3 cc nebulized q.6 hours p.r.n. for dyspnea or wheezing. Heparin 5000 units subcutaneous b.i.d. Keppra 750 mg down the G-tube b.i.d. Physical exam this is a ill-appearing elderly man appearing somewhat cushingoid and puffy but in no acute respiratory distress. Temperature 98 3, pulse 59, respirations 18, blood pressure 108/65, oxygen saturation 99% on 40% oxygen. Head shape is somewhat moon shaped and cushingoid but no evidence of recent trauma or other deformities. Eyes Pupils are reactive to light but eyes have roving eye movements with not following any commands. Nose nares are apparently patent with no evidence of exudates or hemorrhage. Mouth Poor oral hygiene but unable to view pharynx due to poor cooperation of the patient with exam. Ears unable to test hearing due to severe encephalopathy. Neck size eight tracheostomy in place held securely in place with the tracheostomy tie. Chest hyperinflated chest with no use of accessory muscles of respiration. Heart regular rhythm with no audible murmurs or extra sounds. Lungs quiet air movement but somewhat prolonged expiratory phase of the respiratory cycle {period} No audible crackles or wheezes. Abdomen rounded, obese, and moderately distended. Gastrostomy tube is present in the left upper quadrant. There is no erythema or exudates at the site. Abdomen is distended and hypoactive bowel sounds but nontender {period} No rebound noted. Genitalia normal external male genitalia with one to two plus edema. No Foley catheter is present, using a condom catheter instead. Extremities bilateral foot drop with one to two plus dependent edema. Distal pulses are significantly diminished with no clubbing or cyanosis. Neurologic patient is awake with eyes open but not following any commands or interacting in any particular way. [skip] Labs WBC 9.7, hemoglobin 9.4, hematocrit 28.4, platelet count 471,000. Sodium 129, potassium 4.8, chloride 93, CO2 32, BUN 25, creatinine 1.0, phosphorus 3.4, magnesium 2.2. AST 13, ALT 17, albumin 2.4, total protein 7.3. Arterial blood gas performed on assist control rate of 10, tidal volume 500, FiO2 of 40%, pH 7.48, pCO2 48, pO2 150, bicarbonate 33. Urinalysis is normal. Stool for Clostridium difficile is negative. Cultures are pending. Chest x-ray is also pending. Impressions number one acute and chronic hypoxemic respiratory failure {comma} ventilator dependent. Number two chronic tracheostomy due to chronic respiratory failure and inability to protect his airway. Three severe nonischemic cardiomyopathy with recurrent acute systolic heart failure. Four severe anoxic encephalopathy due to cardiac arrest in Month DD, YYYY. Five hypertension. Six abdominal distention with recurrent intestinal ileus. Eight acute tracheobronchitis {comma} recurrent. Next history of urinary retention in the past. Next history of diffuse diverticulosis. Next seizure disorder {comma} controlled. Recommendations number one continue current ventilatory support until the patient is more stable. Number two continue bronchodilator treatments only on a p.r.n. basis due to the patient's recent supraventricular tachycardia. Three continue heparin for prophylaxis against deep venous thrombosis. Four continue Pepcid for prophylaxis against gastrointestinal bleeding. Next frequent repositioning of the patient to promote healing of this pressure ulceration and promote clearance of tracheal secretions. Next continue long-acting insulin and sliding scale short-acting insulin to control diabetes. Next aggressive nutritional support with gastrostomy tube feedings. 


