Reason for admission hypoxemic and hypercapnic respiratory failure. This is a very pleasant 68-year-old woman with a past medical history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and scoliosis as well   as metastatic adenocarcinoma of the lung who is admitted to Hospital Name in City on month dd, yyyy with altered mental status. The patient's adenocarcinoma of the lung was diagnosed in 2015 and was staged clinically at T4N3. She initially underwent chemotherapy with carboplatinum with four rounds followed by chemoradiation to her residual disease with weekly docetaxel last received month dd, yyyy reportedly with a good response {period} In month dd, yyyy she was noted to develop brain metastases and received stereotactic brain radiotherapy {period} In month dd, yyyy she was noted to have progression of her brain metastases and underwent whole brain radiation therapy completed in month dd, yyyy {period} Her outpatient clinical course was further complicated by an episode of pulmonary embolism in month dd, yyyy and she had been managed on Xarelto x a r e l t o since that time {period} She was hospitalized at Hospital Name in month dd, yyyy for an episode of respiratory failure receiving antibiotics and ultimately discharged home {period} In month dd, yyyy she was again hospitalized at Hospital Name when she was noted to have an unsteady gait {period} MRI of the brain showed some progression of disease with edema in the left posterior parietal region with leptomeningeal involvement {period} She was started on corticosteroids and she has been maintained on this since that time {period} CT scanning at that time showed progression of her lung cancer with new nodules reported as well as extensive pulmonary emboli {period} Since that time her clinical course has been somewhat in decline and she is reportedly remained less ambulatory and active since that time {period} On month dd, yyyy she was scheduled to see her regular oncologist The physician but was instead brought to the emergency department with altered mental status {period} The patient's daughter also reported at that time an episode of large volume of watery diarrhea {period} She was noted to be significantly anemia significant anemic with the admitting hemoglobin of 6.2 {period} Head CT scan showed no new acute findings {period} She was however noted to have a new pneumonia and was treated with antibiotics {period} Her stay was also complicated by an episode of pseudomembranous colitis for which she has completed therapy {period} She entered the hospital on low dose of Keppra 250 mg b.i.d. but after health care workers noticed a rhythmic twitching of her face on one episode her Keppra dose was empirically increased to 750 mg b.i.d. According to the daughter, an EEG was performed which reportedly showed no evidence of ongoing seizure activity {period} She also reportedly had an episode of urinary tract infection at Hospital Name{period} She has been in persistent respiratory failure during this admission requiring noninvasive mechanical ventilation initially through most of the day and night although over the past several days she is reportedly able to spend six to eight hours intermittently off mechanical ventilation {period} She reportedly was capable of taking pureed foods although she only takes a few bites at a time and is primarily dependent on nasogastric tube feedings to support her nutritional needs {period} At the time of assessment she was alert but with relatively short attention span {period} She is seemed oriented to person, place, and time and had no specific complaints of pain or dyspnea at the time of assessment {period} Past medical history number one chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Two metastatic adenocarcinoma of the lung as described above. Three extensive pulmonary emboli on chronic anticoagulation. Four brain and leptomeningeal metastases status post stereotactic and whole brain radiation. Five intermittent thrombocytopenia felt to be due to ongoing infection versus bone marrow involvement. Six recent enterococcal bacteremia {comma} resolved. Seven recent closed sputum difficile colitis. Eight recent aspiration pneumonia {comma} resolved. Nine recurrent anemia {comma} multifactorial. Ten previous GI bleeding. Family history father had a history of lung cancer. Social history patient is widowed with two children. Smoking history patient smoked half a pack of cigarettes per day for 50 years quitting in 2016. Occupational history unknown. Illicit drug use none. Alcohol history none. Allergies to paper tape, aspirin, and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatories. Medications Duragesic patch 25 mcg per hour one topically every three days. Decadron 2 mg down the NG tube b.i.d. Bio-K one cap down the NG tube daily. Miconazole 1 g topically b.i.d. Xarelto 20 mg down the NG tube daily. Mucomyst 600 mg nebulized t.i.d. Xopenex 0.63 mg nebulized t.i.d. Nutren 1.5 250 cc bolus feedings t.i.d. at 0800, 1300, and 1800 hours. Nystatin statin oral suspension 500,000 units q.i.d. Ativan 0.25 mg IV push q.2 hours p.r.n. for seizures. Protonix 40 mg IV push b.i.d. Hydromorphone 0.5 mg IV push q.2 hours p.r.n. for severe pain. Acetazolamide 250 mg down the NG tube b.i.d. Lexapro 10 mg down the NG tube q.h.s. Gabapentin 300 mg down the NG tube t.i.d. Keppra 750 mg down the NG tube b.i.d. Metoprolol 12.5 mg down the NG tube b.i.d. Physical exam this is a ill-appearing cushingoid elderly woman in no acute respiratory distress but somewhat somnolent and requiring intermittent ventilatory support with noninvasive mechanical ventilation. Temperature 97 9, pulse 70, respirations 20, blood pressure 104/54, oxygen saturation 97% on 60% high-flow nasal cannula oxygen. Head the patient appears cushingoid but no evidence.
