Reason for admission respiratory failure requiring mechanical ventilation. This is an unfortunate 57-year-old gentleman with a history of down syndrome with developmental delays {comma} Parkinson's, dementia{comma} hepatitis B {comma} and recurrent urinary tract infections due to urinary retention, who was admitted to Hospital Name on month dd yyyy with acute alteration in mental status {period} The patient was recently hospitalized at Hospital Name for similar complaints including confusion and generalized weakness and was found to have a urinary tract infection, treated successfully with intravenous antibiotics {period} He was discharged back to his group home without a Foley catheter present {period} He was noted subsequently by his group home supervisor to not be feeling well and his urologist was contacted {period} physician of urology at Hospital Name recommended he presents to Hospital Name where he was evaluated in the emergency department {period} He was found to be confused and poorly interactive with abnormal body movement felt felt to be dystonic {period} He was noted to have urinary retention with a bladder scan showing 600 cc of urine and a Foley catheter was placed {period} He underwent endotracheal intubation in the emergency department for airway protection {period} He was initially started on propofol for sedation but transferred to the intensive care unit and titrated off his sedation {period} During his stay at Hospital Name, he was noted to have significant ascites together with thrombocytopenia and was diagnosed with severe cirrhosis with numerous manifestations including large amount of ascites {comma} thrombocytopenia {comma} and possible varices {period} He failed attempts at weaning from mechanical ventilation and underwent tracheostomy placement on month dd yyyy {period} He was thereafter reportedly tolerating spontaneous breathing very well and was transferred to Hospital Name for further management of his hypoxemic respiratory failure and his other numerous medical problems {period} At the time of evaluation, the patient was somewhat anxious in bed but making no attempts at communication or following commands {period} He was intermittently agitated, pulling at his tubes and thus required hand restraints {period} Review of systems is impossible due to the patient's encephalopathy. Past medical history number one down syndrome with developmental delay and intermittent agitated behavior. Number two Parkinson's disease with Parkinson's dementia. Three hepatitis B recently diagnosed with cirrhosis. Four urethral strictures leading to urinary retention and recurrent urinary tract infections. Next peptic ulcer disease. Next congenital heart disease. Family history is unknown. Social history patient is a resident of a group home {period} And alcohol history none. Illicit drug use none. Tobacco use none. Allergies none. Medications bethanechol 25 mg down the NG tube t.i.d., Seroquel 25 mg down the NG tube t.i.d., regular insulin q. 6 hours p.r.n. by sliding scale, Proscar 5 mg down the NG tube daily, Protonix 40 mg down the NG tube daily, Flomax 0.4 mg down the NG tube daily, Synthroid 25 mcg IV push daily, albuterol 2.5 mg nebulized q. 4 hours, spironolactone 50 mg down the NG tube b.i.d., simethicone 80 mg q. 6 hours p.r.n. for bloating, Neurontin 100 mg down the NG tube b.i.d., lactulose 10 g down the NG tube q. 8 hours, midodrine 10 mg down the NG tube q. 8 hours, rifaximin 550 mg down the NG tube b.i.d. Physical exam this is an ill appearing middle aged man, somewhat anxious but ventilating spontaneously via tracheostomy. Temperature 96.0, pulse 56, respirations 22, blood pressure 99/60, oxygen saturation 99% on 28% oxygen. Head normocephalic with no evidence of recent trauma or other deformities. Eyes patient resists examination of his eyes so unable to test extraocular muscles or pupillary reflexes. Ears unable to test hearing due to poor cooperation of the patient. Mouth poor oral hygiene but unable to view pharynx due to poor cooperation of the patient. Nose NG tube present in the right naris. No evidence of exudates or hemorrhage. Neck size 6 tracheostomy with small amount of blood in the suctioned sputum. No JVD or adenopathy noted. Chest normal AP diameter of the chest with no use of accessory muscles of respiration. Lungs few inspiratory and expiratory rhonchi bilaterally which diminished somewhat with suctioning. No crackles or wheezes noted. Heart regular rhythm with no audible murmurs or extra sounds. Breasts bilaterally symmetric with no masses. Abdomen rounded, obese and moderately distended with positive fluid wave. No tenderness or rebound noted. Unable to appreciate organomegaly due to the abdominal distention. Genitalia normal external male genitalia with a buried penis. Extremities no clubbing, cyanosis or edema. Distal pulses are somewhat diminished. Neurologic patient moves his limbs around spontaneously but not following commands. He has no apparent focal deficits. labs WBC 3.9, hemoglobin 9.6, hematocrit 27.3, platelet count 30,000. INR 1.2. Sodium 135, potassium 4.1, chloride 104, CO2 of 29, BUN 12, creatinine 0.9, glucose 94, calcium 8.1, phosphorus 3.2, magnesium 2.0. Albumin 2.1. Arterial blood gas performed on 28% oxygen by cool aerosol pH 7.40, pCO2 52, pO2 46, oxygen saturation 85%. Chest x-ray shows a right sided PICC line, tracheostomy and NG tube correctly placed, bilateral interstitial pulmonary infiltrates but no cardiomegaly and a small right pleural effusion. Impression number one acute hypoxemic and hypercapnic respiratory failure {comma} multifactorial. Number two severe cirrhosis, probably due to hepatitis B manifested by ascites. Thrombocytopenia, coagulopathy and severe hypoalbuminemia. Four probable acute heart failure {comma} systolic versus diastolic. Five urinary retention due to urethral stricture with recurrent urinary tract infections. Six peptic ulcer disease. Seven macrocytic anemia. Eight severe encephalopathy, probably due to hepatic encephalopathy. Recommendation number one continue oxygen supplementation and titrate to maintain oxygen saturation greater than or equal to 92%. Number two continue tracheostomy suctioning but will use a red rubber catheter to minimize tracheal tracheal trauma during suctioning. Three continue current bronchodilator therapy with albuterol. Four continue attempts at diuresis to control pulmonary edema. Five nutritional support via NG tube feedings. Six frequent repositioning and turning to minimize the risk of skin breakdown and to promote clearance of tracheal secretions. Next continue proton pump inhibitor. Next ovoid further anticoagulants in the phase of his coagulopathy. Thank you very much the physician for allowing me to participate in the care of this unfortunate gentleman and I will follow along with you and offer further recommendations as warranted.

