Type of study performed overnight polysomnography with BiPAP titration.

Indication for study patient is a 65-year-old man with history of sleep apnea who presents for overnight polysomnography with BiPAP titration. Initial sleep study was done  Month DD, YYYY and revealed severe obstructive sleep apnea with an AHI of 29.5 per hour.

Description all-night polysomnography was performed. Sleep stage was monitored using six channel EEG, two EOG leads, and chin EMG. Nocturnal myoclonus was monitored using bilateral tibialis EMG leads. Heart rate was continuously monitored. Respiration and airflow were monitored using nasal {slash} oral thermistor, pressure sensors, thoracic and abdominal bands, and pulse oximetry.

Report comments total sleep time was 238 minutes. Sleep onset latency was normal at 19.5 minutes. Sleep efficiency was reduced at 78.9 %. Arousal index was 5.3 per hour. Stage R sleep latency was normal at 129 minutes. Sleep staging revealed the absence of stage N3 sleep. Stage R sleep was reduced. No alpha intrusions, seizure activity, or parasomnias were documented.

Mean oxygen saturation during sleep was 89 %. Desaturation index was 3.8 per hour. AHI during supine sleep was 5.2 per hour. Mean heart rate was 89 beats per minute. Frequent PVCs with bigeminy were noted.

Respiratory events consisted of three apneas and 12 hypopneas. AHI during non-supine stage R sleep was 1.7 per hour. Periodic limb movements during sleep were noted with an index of 34.3 per hour. PLMS {slash} arousal index was normal at 1.3 per hour.

BiPAP titration was performed. BiPAP therapy was initiated at IPAP 7 cm {slash} EPAP 3 cm H2O pressure and gradually increased to IPAP 17 cm {slash} EPAP 13 cm H2O. At this pressure, respiratory events and desaturations were reduced. Apnea-hypopnea index was 1.1 per hour after titration. Minimum oxygen saturation was 87 %.

Interpretation this study reveals the presence of obstructive sleep apnea. Patient tolerated BiPAP therapy well and appeared to be an effective therapy. BiPAP titration was adequate given the absence of supine stage R sleep. Prolonged oxygen desaturations were noted suggestive of underlying cardiopulmonary disease.

Recommendations sleep hygiene education, weight reduction, positional therapy, and avoidance of alcohol and tobacco use is recommended. Caution while operating machinery and driving is advised. The optimal treatment response at this time appears to be with BiPAP therapy at IPAP 17 cm {slash} EPAP 13 cm H2O pressure. Heated humidification was used for patient comfort and compliance. A Respironics full-face mask was used for administration of positive pressure therapy. If clinically indicated, nightly use of BiPAP therapy is suggested.

With presence of prolonged oxygen desaturations despite BiPAP therapy, nocturnal overnight pulse oximetry at home is suggested to determine nocturnal oxygen needs.
Completing a sleep study report on the patient.

