Reason for admission number one acute on chronic hypoxic respiratory failure. Next is history of COPD with COPD exacerbation. Next is chronic bronchitis. Next is pneumonia. Next is hypertension. Next is acute renal failure {slash} acute tubular necrosis. Next is toxic metabolic encephalopathy. Next is chief complaint transferred from Hospital name for ongoing care, ventilation dependent. Next is history of present illness patient is a 68-year-old female who has end-stage COPD, hypertension, has been evaluated for lung transplant in the past, but had not pursued this avenue due to her current social situation with her mother's dependence.

On Month DD, YYYY, patient was admitted to Hospital name for shortness of breath and COPD for three days. Patient was found to have oxygen saturation at 79%. Patient was then started on BiPAP and resulted in intubation due to difficulty oxygenating her. Patient eventually underwent a tracheostomy and NG tube feedings. Patient currently has been transferred to Hospital name for further pulmonary and respiratory care. Next is.

Patient was being treated for hospital-acquired pneumonia with ceftriaxone excuse me with Zosyn and vancomycin and also has fungal infection with Diflucan. Patient is currently ventilated in the ICU.

Review of systems a 12-point review of systems is otherwise unable to be attained. Patient is sedated and anxious, on a ventilator. Next is current medication list Montelukast 10 mg per G-tube once a day. Next is Ativan 0.5 mg IV q. 4 hours per G-tube. Next is vancomycin 750 every 12 hours. Next is lactobacillus 1 g every one capsule everyday. Next is Protonix 40 mg once a day. Next is Solumedrol 40 mg every 8 hours IV. Next is Dilaudid 0.5 mg q. 6 hours IV as needed for pain. Next is insulin sliding scale. Next is handheld nebulizer DuoNebs q. 4 hours as needed. Next is on past medical history number one is severe emphysema {slash} COPD with extensive history of smoking. Next is hypertension. Next is anxiety. Next is osteoporosis. Next is past surgical history appendectomy in 2014. Next is past hospitalization multiple hospitalization for COPD exacerbation with recent intubation. Next is family history reviewed, noncontributory. Next is social history patient lives at home with her mother who is relatively well in her 90s. Patient's mother is totally dependent on her. Patient does have extensive history of smoking, currently not smoking and no alcohol or illicit drugs. Next is physical examination on the in the ICU, temperature is 98, blood pressure is 101/46, respiratory rate is 17, pulse is 98, and saturating 97% on FiO2 of 40, AC of 16, and tidal volume of 500. Next generally patient was sleepy, sedated. Of note, patient is status post 0.5 mg Ativan. Head is normocephalic, atraumatic. Oropharynx is dry. Neck with ET tube. No deviation. No lymphadenopathy. Cardiovascular coarse. Tachycardic. Lungs poor inspiratory effort, breath sounds with a ventilator. Abdomen soft with subcutaneous edema. Extremities no clubbing or cyanosis. There is +4 pitting edema bilaterally up into the shins and the lower thighs, dependent edema. Next is current laboratory is currently pending. Next is assessment and plan patient is a 68-year-old female with a longstanding history of COPD due to emphysema, smoking history, presented to the Hospital name ER with complaints of shortness of breath for three days, found to have COPD exacerbation with pneumonia requiring intubation. Patient currently has a tracheostomy with NG tube feedings. Active problems include fungal infection in the groins and on IV antibiotics of vancomycin and Zosyn, transferred to Hospital name for further ongoing care. Number one is acute on chronic respiratory failure. We will continue the ventilator. We will attempt to wean down. Patient will be introduced to TIPS protocol. Continue handheld nebulizer Solu-Medrol. Next is COPD {slash} emphysema. As above. Next is pneumonia. We will continue vancomycin and Zosyn. We will check sputum culture. Next is generalized lower extremity edema likely dependent, probably associated with severe protein-calorie malnutrition. Patient is currently getting G-tube feedings. Will start Lasix, evaluation for acute renal failure as well. Next is hyperglycemia associated with steroid use. We will continue to monitor. Provide insulin sliding scale. Next is anemia {slash} anemia of chronic disease. We will transfusion as necessary. Patient has good oxygen carrying capacity. We will followup on CBC in a.m. Next is generalized pain. Provide Dilaudid as needed. Next is DVT prophylaxis. Provide SCDs. Next is GI prophylaxis. Provide PPI. Next is code status. Patient is full code. This is the end of the dictation for this patient. Thank you.
