Reason for admission number one is acute on chronic respiratory failure. Next is generalized weakness. Next is idiopathic muscular dystrophy. Next is coronary artery disease. Next is hypertension. Next is pulmonary hypertension. Next is history of COPD. Next is atrial fibrillation. Next is discharge diagnoses the same as above please add diastolic heart failure. Next is bradycardia. Next is oropharyngeal dysphagia, requiring G-tube placement. Next is consultants on the case are The Physician from Gastroenterology. Next is The Physician from Psychiatry. Next is The Physician from Cardiology. Next is The Physician from Pulmonary Medicine. Next is history of present excuse me next is pertinent studies performed during hospitalization. Chest x-ray on Month DD, YYYY shows persistant bilateral pulmonary [skip] demonstrate pulmonary progression pulmonary congestion unchanged from prior study. Next is Month DD, YYYY soft tissue x-rays show diffuse osteoporosis of the C5 vertebra with mild degenerative changes. Next is Month DD, YYYY abdominal ultrasound shows no evidence of ascites, no cholelithiasis. Next is history of present illness patient is a pleasant 77-year-old female, who presented from Hospital Name Hospital with generalized weakness. Patient at that time was found status post mechanical fall, where she fell over and hit her head. Patient had a head CT, did not reveal any evidence of acute bleed. Patient had acute on chronic respiratory failure with hypoxic respiratory failure. During the course of her hospitalization, patient was found to have idiopathic muscular dystropathy dystrophy with a progressive degenerative changes. Patient continued to have weakness of her diaphragm muscles; thus, the patient was intubated. Patient had an NG tube placed and is transferred to Hospital Name Hospital for further respiratory care. Patient is on a tracheostomy without G-tube. Next is hospital course by problem list number one acute on chronic respiratory failure, likely progressive secondary to diaphragmatic weakness due to idiopathic muscular dystrophy. Patient was placed on TIPS protocol.  Patient progressed to TIPS #4 but seemed to plateau, unable to generate enough muscular negative pressure for inspiration. Next is generalized weakness, likely progressive due to idiopathic muscular dystrophy. Patient had an ESR and CRP did not show any elevation. CPK was negative. Patient was recommended to follow up with a neurologist upon discharge. Next is coronary artery disease. Patient did not have any chest pain, lightheadedness, or dizziness. Next is COPD with pulmonary hypertension. Patient did not have any wheezing during hospitalization. Next is atrial fibrillation. Patient was in irregular rate, but normal rhythm. Patient did have bouts of bradycardia during hospitalization. Patient was discontinued and restarted on her beta-blocker with under the direction of Cardiology. Patient does have salvos of tachycardia into the 130s to 140s when she becomes agitated and irritated. Next is oropharyngeal dysphagia. Patient had an NG tube feeding, now currently has a G-tube. A G-tube was contraindicated before secondary to ascites, but the patient had an ultrasound, did not reveal any evidence of ascites. Next is anxiety. Patient was seen by Psychiatry during the hospitalization, was given Ativan. Patient was controlled her anxiety was controlled. Next is education. We provided education to her family regarding her hospitalization. I met the patient's daughter and husband and provided them a summary of the hospital course. Patient will be discharged to Hospital Name Skilled Nursing Facility as the family wishes. Next is discharge medication list please see discharge medications. Next is condition on dicharge considered stable. Next is code status patient is full code. Next is tube feedings continue current tube feedings at 60 cc an hour. This is the end of dictation for this patient. Thank you.
