Reason for consultation is feeding difficulties, perforated gastric ulcer. History of present illness, patient is an 85-year-old Asian female with history of diabetes and hypertension. She was admitted to outside hospital with severe abdominal pain on Month, DD. CT scan revealed free air, for which she underwent emergent surgery that revealed a perforated prepyloric gastric ulcer that was repaired. Once patient had recovered and stabilized, she was transferred to Hospital Name  for further evaluation. At the Hospital Name, she continues to be on TPN. Prior to being transferred, patient had an upper GI series that apparently revealed obstruction. Plans were to repeat the upper GI series in a few weeks. For now, patient has been on TPN. Past medical and surgical history includes hypoxemic respiratory failure, history of hypoxemic respiratory failure, history of perforated prepyloric gastric ulcer with peritonitis, history of pyloric stenosis, history of diverticular disease with history of perforation, status post surgical repair about 20 years ago, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, malnutrition, pain management. Review of systems, limited. Patient complains of some abdominal discomfort around her wound. She denies any shortness of breath. Denies any chest pain. No cough. No easy bruising or bleeding. Social history, no history of tobacco, alcohol, or drugs. Allergies, sulfonamide. Medications, fluconazole, Protonix, insulin, lactobacillus, Xopenex, hydralazine which is p.r.n. On physical exam, patient has a blood pressure of. Actually transcriptionist, please note date of consultation was Month, DD, YYYY. So, get down to physical exam, vitals, patient has a blood pressure of 95/65, pulse is 118, temp is 99.7, respiratory rate is 20, O2 sat is 100% on room air. Generally, patient is a chronically ill-appearing female, in no acute distress. HEENT head is normocephalic, atraumatic. Pupils are equal, round, reactive to light and accommodation. Extraocular muscles intact. Neck is supple. No mass. No JVD. Lungs, clear to auscultation bilaterally. Heart, regular rate. Abdomen is soft. Mild tenderness around the surgical scar, which is vertical and seen in the upper abdomen. Extremities, no cyanosis or clubbing. 1+ pulses. Skin, no rash or lesion. Neurologically, patient is alert and oriented x4, moves all extremities, follows simple commands. Laboratory hemoglobin is 9.5, platelet count is 165. INR is 1.1, PTT is 33.4. Stool C. diff is negative. Creatinine is 0.86, BUN is 37. Radiology chest x-ray done on MM, DD, cardiomegaly without changes of congestive heart failure. Impression and recommendations patient is an 85-year-old Asian female, recovering from a perforated prepyloric gastric ulcer. Agree with repeat of upper GI series, which will be done with the use of Gastrografin in case there is any evidence of extravasation 0ast. If there is any evidence of persistent pyloric stenosis, then patient should have an upper endoscopy for further evaluation. Otherwise, patient may be started on an oral diet. There is no evidence of oropharyngeal dysphagia and patient is relatively alert and she otherwise tolerates p.o. intake well. Considering recent pyloric ulcer, patient should be on Protonix b.i.d. Regarding anemia, this is stable, likely secondary to chronic disease. Continue to monitor closely. For now, continue with TPN until upper GI series is completed. Thank you for this consultation. Follow patient with you. End of dictation.
