Reason for admission number one is acute on chronic respiratory failure. Next is pulmonary fibrosis secondary to rheumatoid arthritis. Next is hypertension. Next is poorly controlled diabetes. Next is secondary diagnoses coronary artery disease, CABG 15 years ago. Next is atrial fibrillation, rate controlled. Next is GERD. Next is depression. Next is acute kidney injury. Next is rheumatoid arthritis. Next is discharge diagnoses is same as above. Next is consultants on the case are the physician from Pulmonary Medicine and next is the physician from Endocrinology the physician from Endocrinology. Next is pertinent studies performed during hospitalization, patient had a chest x-ray on Month DD, YYYY which shows cardiomegaly with changes of overt hydration. Next is pertinent microbiology during hospitalization, patient had MRSA, VRE, surveillance culture. Ear, nose, and throat culture was negative. Next is pertinent laboratories, the patient had a WBC of 13.2, which is considered chronic on prednisone. Next is ABG performed, pH is 7.6, pCO2 of 53, pO2 of 102 performed on Month DD, YYYY. Next is history of present illness patient is a pleasant 67-year-old gentleman with a longstanding history of coronary artery disease status post CABG, rheumatoid arthritis causing pulmonary fibrosis, COPD, asthma, atrial fibrillation rate controlled, acute on chronic kidney disease, presented to the Barlow Hospital with acute on chronic respiratory failure, status post hospitalization. Patient was hospitalized at an outside hospital required intubation for COPD exacerbation, required steroids and IV antibiotics. Patient was weaned off and extubated. Patient improved. Patient was transferred to Barlow Hospital for further respiratory respiratory respiratory therapy and pulmonary care. Patient was seen, evaluated and treated, improved and discharged home. Next is hospital course for problem list number one acute on chronic respiratory failure likely associated with underlying for pulmonary status of pulmonary fibrosis, COPD, asthma. Patient was given IV steroids, IV antibiotics, breathing treatments, handheld nebulizers. Patient improved during hospitalization and was able to be titrated down from face mask down to 2 liters nasal cannula. Patient was discharged with steroids and to follow up with his regular doctor, steroid inhaler and handheld nebulizers. Next is hypertension, continue on blood pressure medication control. Next is poorly controlled diabetes, likely secondary to steroid-induced diabetes. Patient was provided with sliding scale. Next is pulmonary fibrosis, poor prognosis. Patient does have history of rheumatoid arthritis, currently on prednisone {slash} immunosuppressant. Patient stabilized during hospitalization. Next is education we provide education to patient regarding hospitalization, need for hospitalization, patient acknowledges understanding. Next is followup follow up with his primary care doctor and pulmonologist for further therapy and care. Next home health will be sent in for evaluation of the patient. Next is condition on discharge considered stable. Next discharge medication list please see DC med list in the computer. Next is diet diabetic diet. No food restriction. Next is activities, progress as tolerated and as directed by physical therapy, occupational therapy from home health. Next code status patient is full code. This is the end of the dictation of this patient. Thank you.
