Reason for admission number one is a right lower lobe pneumonia. Next is a acute on chronic respiratory failure. Next is funguria. Next is a esophageal candidiasis. Next is a anemia secondary to GI blood loss. Next is a gallbladders bile gastritis due to prior history of Roux-en-Y surgery. On next is a severe protein-calorie malnutrition. Next is a dependent edema due to severe protein-calorie malnutrition. Next is a history of renal transplant. Next is a secondary diagnoses diabetes. Next is a hypertension. Next is a BPH. Next is a history of bladder cancer. Next is a fungal pneumonia. Next is a discharge diagnosis same as above. Next is a consultants on the case the physician from gastroenterology. Next is a the physician from plastic surgery. Next is a the physician from general surgery. Next is a the physician from infectious disease. Next is a the physician from pulmonary medicine. Next is a the physician from critical care. Next is a history of present illness the patient is a 72-year-old gentleman very well known to me from prior hospitalization, initially presented to Hospital name for upper GI bleed secondary to bile gastritis. Patient was seen and evaluated, given multiple blood transfusions, continued to have pneumonia, process had esophageal candidiasis, generalized overall weakness. Patient was transferred to Hospital Name for further care. Next is a hospital course problem list number one right lower lobe pneumonia. I had seen the patient and had acute respiratory failure secondary to pneumonia due to poor respiratory effort. Patient initially was admitted to the hospital status post intubation. Patient improved, was quickly extubated. Patient then continued to have poor prognosis with regards to his weaning. The patient had a week off and did not was unable to generate high pressure with inspiration. Patient then resulted with repeat intubation. Patient was seen by pulmonary medicine. Patient was recommended to have a tracheostomy and tracheostomy was placed. Patient improved with his pulmonary status.

Funguria was treated. Next is a esophageal candidiasis was treated. Next is a aspiration pneumonia {slash} klebsiella pneumoniae, class MRSA pneumonia. Patient was given multiple antibiotics and antifungals during hospitalization and was continued to improve. His a he did not demonstrate evidence of any sepsis or septic shock. Next is a anemia secondary to GI loss. Patient had an NG tube placed, was likely associated with irritation due to the NG tube. Patient had uremia secondary to acute blood loss required multiple blood transfusions. Patient was then given platelets FFP during hospitalization to assess with his breathing. Next is a bile gastritis secondary to chronic ileus and poor motility. Patient did have NG tube suctioning, this showed gastritis. Next is a uremia {slash} acute renal failure. Patient did have elevation in his BUN likely associated with GI loss, GI bleed, dehydration, and acute renal failure and TPN. Patient's uremia went to 120 to 130s. Patient did show signs of confusion. Patient was improved during hospitalization now when his GI bleeding stopped. Next is a acute renal failure and chronic renal failure. Patient had a poor intravascular volume when the patient was given diuresis and placed on Lasix drip, his creatinine increased. Patient did had had poor intravascular volume due to poor protein calorie malnutrition. Next is a severe protein calorie malnutrition. Patient initially was placed on TPN. Multiple episodes were attempted to place the patient with NG tube, but resulted in GI bleed. Patient eventually had an NG tube placed into jejunum by a gastroenterology. It was continued. Patient did have signs of mild GI bleeding, but was controlled with supportive measures. Patient had a protein excuse me patient had TPN and G-tube feedings. Next is a dependent edema. Patient had generalized anasarca due to severe protein malnutrition. Patient was given TED hose and stockings, keeping the lower extremity elevated. Patient continued to have scrotal edema.

Due to patient's critical nature, it was discussed and was recommended the patient be transferred to a higher level care especially after cardiac arrest with code due to acidemia. Patient was transferred to Hospital name. Next is a condition on transfer, considered critical. Next is a transfer medical list, please see transfer medication. Next is a accepting physician is myself the physician Hospital name. Patient will be admitted directly to the ICU and consultants will be called. Next is a transfer medication, see DC medication list. Next is a code status. The patient is full code. This End if dictation for this patient thank you.
