Reason for admission number one hypoxemic respiratory failure. Next is pneumonia. Next is sepsis with septic shock. Next is paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia. Next history of CVA with increased intracranial pressure status post right-sided craniotomy with a VP shunt. Next is anemia. Next is hypertension. Next is chronic kidney disease with left kidney mass. Next is diabetes. Next is history of prostate cancer. Next is history of seizure disorder secondary to increased intracranial pressure. Next is severe protein calorie malnutrition with albumin of 1.2. Next is chief complaint transferred from Hospital name for ongoing respiratory care and overall generalized weakness and debility. Next is history of present illness patient is a 71-year-old gentleman with history of CVA, atrial fibrillation with residual left-sided weakness, has history of increased intracranial pressure status post VP shunt, diabetes, and hypertension, who was admitted to Hospital name for pneumonia and paroxysmal atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular rate. Patient was seen and evaluated, was given digoxin, and started on antibiotics. Patient had hypoxic respiratory failure, initially placed on facemask and BiPAP. Patient was never intubated. Patient was able to respond in single words, speaks English. Next is.

Patient currently is generalized weak, debilitated, and unable to move the left side, is here at Hospital name for further physical therapy, occupational therapy, and respiratory therapy care. Next is review of systems a 12-point review of systems is otherwise negative as mentioned in HPI. Patient is somewhat responsive, able to answer yes or no to questions. Next is past medical history see HPI. Next is past surgical history number one status post gallbladder surgery. Next is right frontal craniotomy with VP shunt. Next is past hospitalization multiple hospitalizations for sepsis. Next is for pneumonia. Next is family history reviewed and noncontributory. Next is social history patient lives at a skilled nursing facility and prefers to speak Spanish, can speak English. Denies any current drugs, alcohol or tobacco. Has a niece that is main decision maker. Next is allergies penicillin. Next is ceftriaxone. Next is Flagyl. Next is current medication list upon transfer number one amiodarone. Next is Cozaar. Next is Keppra. Next is levofloxacin. Next is Protonix. Next is metoprolol. Next is aspirin. Next is G-tube feeding. Next is insulin sliding scale. Next is physical examination upon admission, patient was seen and evaluated by myself. Was found to have temperature 98.1, blood pressure is 116/67, pulse of 89, respiratory rate of 22, and saturating 100% on 3 liters nasal cannula. Generally patient was awake, alert and oriented times four. Head normocephalic. Patient has a right-sided VP shunt that pressure was adequate, does not demonstrate any increase intracranial pressure. Neck no lymphadenopathy. No thyromegaly. Cardiovascular is irregular rate, irregular rhythm. Lungs are coarse breath sounds. Poor inspiratory effort. Low volumes. Head normocephalic, atraumatic. Oropharynx is dry. NG tube is in place. Next is abdomen soft, distended with tympani. Extremities no clubbing. No cyanosis. There is evidence of contractures due to overall weakness, has generalized +4 edema and weeping of the upper extremities. Next is current laboratories demonstrates sodium 136, potassium 3.2, chloride is 104, bicarb is 28, and creatinine is 0.57. Albumin is 1.4. Next is WBC is 5.7, hemoglobin 8.9, platelet count of 322. Coagulation INR is 1.3. Next is chest x-ray shows linear bibasilar opacities, which may be related to atelectasis and pneumonia. Next is assessment and plan patient is a 71-year-old gentleman with history remote history of CVA secondary to atrial fibrillation, increased intracranial pressure status post VP shunt placement placement with a left-sided weakness and paralysis, history of diabetes, hypertension, anemia of chronic disease, admitted to Hospital name with atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular rate. Patient apparently is at Barlow for further respiratory therapy and cognitive therapy excuse me on physical therapy. Next is hospital course by problem list number one number one hypoxemic respiratory failure likely associated with secondary to pneumonia {slash} aspiration pneumonia. Patient will receive the continuation of IV antibiotics. Pulmonary Medicine will be consulted for assistance of evaluation and therapy. Next is recent sepsis secondary to pneumonia. Patient will be monitored. We will complete overall course of antibiotics. Next is pneumonia likely associated with aspiration pneumonia. Patient will be continued to be monitored and placed on aspiration precautions. Patient currently has an NG tube placed. Patient will be evaluated by speech therapy. Oropharyngeal dysphagia. We will continue to monitor. Next is supraventricular tachycardia and has history of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. Patient is currently on anticoagulant. Patient is currently rate controlled. Next is history of CVA with right-sided craniotomy with VP shunt. Patient is currently stable. We will continue to monitor for toxic metabolic encephalopathy and diffusion. Next is chronic kidney disease with left kidney mass. We will followup as an outpatient. Next is diabetes. Continue insulin sliding scale. Next is severe protein calorie malnutrition. Patient will be placed on NG tube feedings. We will increase his NG tube rate to 60 cc. We will add postop three times a day. Next is generalized edema {slash} anasarca. We will provide albumin IV. Consider we will add Lasix. Next is anemia {slash} anemia of chronic disease. We will consider transfusions to assist with blood pressure control, [skip] and diuresis. Next is code status. Patient is full code. This is the end of dictation for this patient. Thank you.
