Reason for admission number one is a acute on chronic respiratory failure requiring BiPAP. Next is a history of COPD with exacerbation. Next is a aspiration pneumonia. Next is lung cancer with metastasis to the brain. Next is a anemia {slash} anemia of chronic disease. Next is a obesity. Next is a seizure disorder. Next is a history of PE, on Xarelto. Next is a new onset paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. Next is a chief complaint transfer to Hospital Name Hospital for further ongoing respiratory and physical therapy care. Next is history of present illness patient is a 68-year-old female with a history of metastatic colon cancer to the brain status post whole brain radiation chemotherapy, recently hospitalized at Hospital Name Medical Center for toxic metabolic encephalopathy brain edema secondary to radiation, now developed pneumonia then was discharged home on nasal cannula.

Patient then presented to Hospital Name Hospital with toxic metabolic encephalopathy, aspiration and found to have aspiration pneumonia with acute respiratory failure on chronic respiratory failure. Patient was placed on BiPAP continuously and was not intubated and now transferred to Hospital Name Hospital for ongoing continued care. Patient was found to have an aspiration pneumonia, C. difficile, chronic anemia, dehydration now with prerenal azotemia, electrolyte abnormalities and decubitus ulcer with wound care. Next patient is transferred to Hospital Name Hospital for ongoing care without pulmonary physical therapy. He received therapy and wound care. Next is a review of systems unable to obtain, but the patient was patient's family was present, denies any current chest pain, lightheadedness, dizziness, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation. Patient does have a history of C. diff at Hospital Name completed treatment. Next is a allergies she does have allergies to aspirin and NSAIDs. NSAIDs causes hemorrhagic ulcerations remotely. Next is a past medical history number one adenocarcinoma of the lung with brain metastasis status post whole brain radiation and chemotherapy on pending immunologic therapy. Next is a pulmonary embolus secondary to hypercoagulable disorder. Next is a pneumonia with history of aspiration pneumonia. Next is a seizure disorders due to brain metastasis. Next is a COPD. Next is a chronic hypoxia on 1 to 2 L nasal cannula at baseline with BiPAP at night. Next is a cerebral edema secondary to brain metastasis, history of CVA with residual weakness. Next is a decubitus ulceration. Next is a chronic hypoxia with history of COPD. Next is a past surgical history right hip surgery. Next is back surgery. Next is a fixation kyphoplasty. Next is a tonsillectomy. Next is a past hospitalization prior to surgical hospitalization and recent hospitalization for diagnosis of lung cancer and vasogenic edema. Patient has not been hospitalized before. Never been intubated. Next is a social history patient lives at home with her daughters, before was able to ambulate here with front-wheel walker. Currently admits stopped smoking three years ago with half a pack a day. Patient does have a multiple packs a year history of smoking and denies any alcohol. No illicit drugs. Next is a physical examination at Hospital Name Hospital, temperature is 97.8, blood pressure is 109/55, pulse of 70, heart respiratory rate 20, pulse ox 97%. Oxygen saturation is 25, FiO2 of 60%. Next is a physical examination general patient was awake, alert and oriented x2. Head normocephalic, atraumatic. Sclerae nonicteric. Oropharynx is dry. NG-tube KO feeding tube in place. Neck no lymphadenopathy. No thyromegaly. No tracheal deviation. There is moon facies. Next is a cardiovascular regular rate and irregular rhythm. [skip] normal rate and next is a lungs coarse breath sounds bilaterally. Next is abdomen soft, nontender, distended. Next is extremities thin skinned. There is no clubbing, cyanosis, or edema. Next is a current laboratory shows a WBC 9.1, hemoglobin 10, platelets of 171. Next is a potassium 134, potassium excuse me sodium 134, potassium 3.3, BUN of 42, creatinine of 0.25, phosphorus 2.3. Next is a ABG is 7.52, ABG is 5 excuse me two pCO2 of 69. Next is INR is 1.2. Urinalysis shows cloudy. There is a large amount of leukocyte esterase, large WBC. Next is a current medication list, patient is on sentinel dexamethasone. Next is Xarelto. Next is a Xopenex. Next is a nystatin. Next is a labetalol. Next is a acetazolamide. Next is Lexapro. Next is Neurontin. Next is Keppra. Next is metoprolol. Next is assessment and plan patient is a 68-year-old female with history of metastatic colon cancer to brain with vasogenic edema status post radiation and chemotherapy, presented to Hospital Name Hospital for altered mental status, aspiration pneumonia with sepsis, found to have C. diff positive, was placed on BiPAP, had acute blood loss anemia and COPD exacerbation, currently at Hospital Name Hospital for further care and next is a hospital course per problem list number one acute on chronic respiratory failure, patient does have a baseline history of chronic respiratory failure with COPD. New diagnosis, he does have extensive smoking history. Patient was on nasal cannula 2 L dependent prior to hospitalization, currently on 15 L. Patient did not have any evidence of ARDS. Patient will be a monitored and will be provided with respiratory therapy. Pulmonology will be consulted. Next is a history of recent GI bleed on Xarelto. History of peptic ulcer bleed with the catastrophic excuse me history of peptic ulcer with catastrophic bleed. Patient will be consulted by GI and will be followed. Next is a pulmonary excuse me a lung cancer with brain metastasis. I will continue Decadron and Keppra for seizure prophylaxis. Next is history of pulmonary embolus. We will provide Xarelto. Next is a COPD, provide steroids. Continue on Decadron and nebulizer with Xopenex. Next is a history of CVA secondary to metastatic disease with aphasia. Patient is currently on NG NG tube feeding, has progressed with speech therapy, was able to tolerate and liquid excuse me sorry pureed diet with thin liquids. Next is a code status the patient is full code. This the end of dictation for this patient thank you.

