Reason for admission number one hypercapnic and hypoxemic respiratory failure. Next is morbid obesity with obstructive sleep apnea. Next is acute kidney injury on chronic kidney disease. Next is anemia. Next is chronic atrial fibrillation. Next is morbid obesity. Next is severe diastolic heart dysfunction. Next is pulmonary hypertension. Next is bilateral lower extremity edema with stasis cellulitis. Next is chief complaint transferred from Hospital name for further ongoing care. Next is history of present illness patient is a 74-year-old female who was transferred from Hospital name for ongoing care. Patient initially presented to Hospital name with complaints of lower extremity edema, cellulitis, and shortness of breath. Patient was found to have pneumonia and resulted in respiratory failure. Patient was intubated and now extubated. Patient is placed on BiPAP. Patient is here for ongoing continued care. Patient is currently nasal cannula dependent. Next is review of systems 12-point review of system is otherwise negative per HPI. Next is allergies no known drug allergies except for penicillin. Next is medications please see electronic medical records. Next is past medical history please see HPI. Next is past hospitalization multiple hospitalizations for COPD exacerbation. Next is for pneumonia. Next is for lower extremity edema or cellulitis. Next is past surgical history number one status post ventral hernia repair. Next is right breast surgery. Next is history of chest tube placement. Next is history of gallbladder surgery. Next is social history patient is retired, worked in a news room, is divorced. Has caretaker named. Has a prior history of tobacco use, currently on nasal cannula O2. Has been bed bound over the past eight months. Next is physical examination on the hospital floor, temperature is 97.7, blood pressure is 129/60, respiratory rate 22, pulse oximetry is 95% on 5 liters nasal cannula. Next is generally patient was awake, alert, and oriented times four. Head normocephalic and atraumatic. Sclerae nonicteric. Oropharynx is clear. Dry mucous membranes. Neck no lymphadenopathy. No thyromegaly. Cardiovascular regular rate and rhythm excuse me irregular rate and irregular rhythm. No murmurs appreciated. Lungs coarse breath sounds. Poor air movement. Abdomen is soft and distended with pannus. Extremities no clubbing. There is no cyanosis. 4+ edema. Also has morbid obesity. Next is laboratory demonstrates WBC is 5.5, hemoglobin 8.9, platelets of 213, sodium 137, potassium 4.6, chloride of 93, bicarb is 38, BUN is 66, and creatinine is 1.8. Next is ABG 7.4, pCO2 of 71, pO2 of 86. Next is urine excuse me microbiology demonstrates Proteus mirabilis with sensitivity to follow. Next is chest x-ray demonstrates cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion. Next is assessment and plan patient is a pleasant 74-year-old female with history of morbid obesity, diabetes, pulmonary hypertension, congestive heart failure diastolic type, chronic atrial fibrillation, COPD with CO2 retention, history of chronic respiratory failure, was admitted for hyperkalemia, acute kidney injury, and black tarry stools. Patient was found to have bilateral lower extremity cellulitis and was treated and is currently much improved, but requires other ongoing respiratory therapy and care at Hospital name. Number one chronic hypercarbic respiratory failure with acute process. Patient will be placed on BiPAP at night. Continue nasal cannula to keep oxygen saturation greater than 90%. Of note, patient's ABG demonstrates that she is a CO2 retainer with pCO2 of 71, pH is within normal limits. Patient will be continued to be monitored for confusion and hypercapnic respiratory failure. Next is acute on chronic kidney injury likely associated with current patient's baseline. Continue to have progressive diuresis. Patient has a tendency to have lower extremity swelling secondary to pulmonary hypertension. Next is anemia {slash} anemia of chronic disease. Continue to monitor. Next is chronic atrial fibrillation. Continue anticoagulation. Next is obesity. Continue recommend weight loss and heart-healthy diet. Next is severe diastolic dysfunction. We will provide Lasix diuresis, likely associated with right-sided heart dysfunction due to pulmonary hypertension and resulting in lower extremity edema. Next is pulmonary hypertension. We will provide afterload reduction with blood pressure medications. Next is code status. Patient is full code. This is the end of dictation for this patient. Thank you.
