Reason for admission number on acute on chronic systolic and diastolic heart failure next is acute respiratory failure due to hypoxemia requiring tracheostomy. Next is history of tracheobronchitis with history of tracheal stenosis due to multiple intubations. Next is lobar pneumonia. Next is sepsis. Next is diarrhea with C. diff negative. Next is hyperthyroidism, chronic condition. Next is hyperlipidemia. Next is chronic kidney disease, stage three. Next is peripheral vascular disease. Next is essential hypertension. Next is peripheral neuropathy. Next is venous stasis ulcers. Next is anemia of chronic disease. Next is history of aortic excuse me aortic arteriosclerosis. Next is chief complaint transferred from Hospital name for ongoing respiratory care. Next is history of present illness patient is a 72-year-old female with history of hypothyroidism, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, chronic kidney disease, peripheral vascular disease with chronic venous stasis ulcers, peripheral neuropathy, major depressive disorder, asthma, history of tracheal stenosis requiring permanent tracheostomy with multiple readmission for it, shortness of breath and dyspnea on exertion due to CHF exacerbation. Next is patient was recently admitted on Month DD to Month DD for similar symptoms then the patient represented on Month DD and currently transferred to Hospital name on Month DD for ongoing respiratory care.

The patient was seen at outside hospital, was treated for CHF exacerbation, has permanent tracheostomy, was poorly progressing. The patient did have an episode of pneumonia, was treated. Diarrhea was negative for stool C. diff. The patient then transferred to Hospital name for ongoing care. Next is review of systems patient denies any chest pain, any lightheadedness. Does have mild dyspnea. Lays able to lay down flat. No abdominal pain. No constipation. Does have diarrhea. No fevers. The patient is unable to verbally communicate due to tracheostomy, but she is able to acknowledge yes' or no's. Next is allergies no known drug allergies. Current medications please see medication list, which includes number one simethicone next is aspirin next is fluticasone next is duloxetine next is Ranexa next is Lyrica next is tobramycin. Next is past surgical history of thoracic aortic aneurysm repair, next is chronic tracheostomy due to tracheal stenosis. Next is past medical history as per HPI. Next is past hospitalization multiple hospitalizations for number one weakness, next is [skip] falls, next is CHF exacerbation next is generalized shortness of breath due to tracheal stenosis. Next is family history reviewed and noncontributory. Next is social history patient denies any drugs, alcohol or cigarettes. The patient lives at home. Next is time out please go to allergies. Please list erythromycin, tetanus toxoid, ACE inhibitor, Procardia. Next is time back and next is physical examination, Barlow’s temperature 98.4, blood pressure 133/60, pulse of 61, respiratory rate of 18, saturating 100% on FiO2 of 20% on T-bar. Generally, patient was awake, alert and oriented x4, nonverbal, able to acknowledges yes and no, mouth of words. Neck tracheostomy in site, no active drainage. Cardiovascular regular rate and rhythm. Normal S1, S2. Lungs clear to auscultation. On the apices, there are coarse crackles bibasilar lower lobe. The patient had coughs with deep inspiration. Abdomen is soft, nontender. There is tympany in the upper abdomen. Lower abdomen nontender. No right upper quadrant or right lower quadrant pain. Extremities no clubbing, cyanosis or edema. There is evidence of chronic stasis dermatitis of bilateral lower extremities. Next is current laboratories are pending. Next is x-ray currently pending. ABG shows pH of 7.45, pCO2 of 45, pO2 of 95 on T-bar 28%. Next is EKG shows atrial enlargement with regular rate, QTC interval within normal limits. Echocardiogram ordered. Next is assessment and plan patient is a 72-year-old female with history of hyperthyroidism, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, chronic kidney disease, peripheral vascular disease with chronic venous stasis ulcers, has peripheral neuropathy, major depressive disorder, asthma with history of tracheal stenosis requiring permanent tracheostomy, has multiple admissions for generalized weakness, congestive heart failure exacerbation. Next hospital course by problem list number one acute respiratory failure secondary to hypoxemia requiring tracheostomy. The patient does have a history of tracheal stenosis confounded by congestive heart failure and pneumonia. The patient will be treated accordingly with respiratory therapy protocol to continue weaning to room air. Next is pneumonia, status post treatment. The patient has lobar pneumonia and possibly associated with aspiration. The patient did have MRSA bacteremia, status post IV antibiotics. Next is acute on chronic systolic and diastolic heart failure. The patient will be continued on Lasix. We will have a daily weight. We will check an echocardiogram. We will consult we will consult Cardiology if needed. Next is hyperthyroidism. Check TSH in the a.m. Next is dyslipidemia. Continue her statin. Next is peripheral vascular disease. We will continue to monitor for claudication. There is evidence of delayed bilateral extremity cap refills. We will evaluate ulceration. Next is peripheral neuropathy. Continue Lyrica. Next is tracheostomy, currently active. We will have pulmonary consultation for further evaluation and care. Next is code status. The patient is DNR per reports. This is end of dictation for this patient thank you.
