Reason for admission number one is hypoxemic respiratory failure, status post endotracheal tube. Next is bilateral pneumonia, right greater than left with sputum cultures positive for yeast. Next is gross hematuria secondary to urinary tract infection with Candida. Next is diabetes, insulin-dependent with peripheral neuropathy. Next is hypertension, essential type. Next is anemia {slash} anemia of chronic disease. Next is electrolyte abnormalities with hypophosphatemia, hypomagnesemia. Next is acute kidney injury secondary to prerenal azotemia. Next is history of coronary artery disease, status post bypass graft. Next is reason for admission patient was transferred from Hospital name on a ventilator with tracheostomy and NG tube for acute respiratory failure requiring continued rehab and therapy. Next is history of present illness patient is an 84-year-old female with history of hypertension, neuropathy, anemia, coronary artery disease, chronic kidney disease sent into Hospital name on Month DD, YYYY after a fall. The patient was found to have pneumonia, likely aspiration type, was started on BiPAP ventilation. The patient had funguria as well as sputum positive for yeast. The patient additionally received vancomycin, Zosyn, and ab antifungin fungal. The patient developed worsening renal failure. Chest x-ray shows persistent infiltrates and the patient was transferred to Barlow Hospital on a ventilator with endotracheal placement. The patient currently in the ICU getting ventilation support and rehab. The patient is awake, was unable to interact. Next is review of systems unable to obtain. Next is allergies no known drug allergies. Current medication list patient on the pertinent medications number one Norvasc next is carvedilol next is Anidulafungin next is gabapentin next is calmoseptine next is vancomycin next is insulin via sliding scale next is insulin Levemir next is Zofran. Next is past medical history as per HPI number one hypertension next is anemia {slash} anemia of chronic disease next is diabetes next is history of urinary retention. Next is past surgical history status post coronary artery bypass grafting. Next is past hospitalization multiple hospitalizations for pneumonia and coronary artery disease. Next is family history is reviewed, unknown. Next is social history patient is a widow, lives with her daughter. Denies any current drugs, alcohol, or tobacco. Next is physical examination in the ICU, temperature 99, pulse is 70, respiratory rate 20, and blood pressure 132/70. The patient has been placed on pressure control of 30 with tidal volumes at 400, PEEP was 8, AC of I mean rate of 14. The patient is resting comfortably with saturation of 90%. Patient is awake, alert, and oriented times two, able to mouth off certain words. Head is normocephalic, atraumatic. Sclerae anicteric. Oropharynx is dry. Neck no lymphadenopathy. Cardiovascular regular rate and rhythm. Lungs are coarse breath sounds bilaterally. Abdomen is soft, distended. Normoactive bowel sounds. Extremities no clubbing, cyanosis. +4 pitting edema. Current laboratory data currently pending at the time of this dictation I am sorry current laboratory data WBC is 15.8, hemoglobin is 8, platelets of 207. Glucose is sodium is 149, potassium is 3.3, chloride is 133, creatinine is 1.3, BUN is 88. Next is current x-ray shows bilateral pulmonary infiltrates, possibly ARDS. Next is assessment and plan patient is a very unfortunate 84-year-old female without any past medical history except for hypertension, diabetes, anemia, status post mechanical fall, was found to have pneumonia and developed worsening progression of her shortness of breath, eventually was intubated, was found to have yeast growing from her sputum. The patient is transferred to Barlow Hospital for ongoing care. Number one hypoxemic respiratory failure with ET tube in place. We will continue to monitor. The patient is developing an ARDS type picture with pulmonary infiltrates that are persistent, high peak pressures on AC mode. The patient will be continued on pressure control load. Next is anemia, possibly anemia of chronic disease versus sepsis. The patient will be transfused two units of packed red blood cell transfusion. We will maintain increased oxygenation with transfusion. Next is pneumonia, right greater than left, on antifungals. We will recheck sputum culture. Next is hematuria with recent Candida infection. Urology consultation for urinary retention, Foley catheter placement. Next is acute on chronic kidney injury. We will continue to monitor. Next is uremia patient has elevated BUN, possibly concerning for catabolic syndrome versus acute GI bleed. The patient is on Protonix IV. Next is code status. The patient is full code. This is the end of dictation for this patient thank you.
