Reason for admission number one shortness of breath secondary to hypoxic respiratory failure. Next is acute hypoxic respiratory failure secondary to CHF exacerbation and pneumonia. Next is hospital acquired pneumonia. Next is COPD exacerbation. Next is congestive heart failure with ejection fraction of 30% to 35%. Next is ischemic cardiomyopathy, status post CABG times four at Hospital name on Month DD, YYYY. Next is hyperlipidemia. Next is generalized weakness. Next is hypertension. Next is chief complaint transfer to Hospital name for respiratory therapy, physical therapy, and occupational therapy. Next is history of present illness patient is a very pleasant 83-year-old Spanish speaking female with a history of coronary artery disease, ischemic cardiomyopathy status post CABG with four vessels in Month YYYY, presented from skilled nursing facility for shortness of breath. The patient was found to have ejection fraction of 35%, was found to have fluid overload. The patient was placed on BiPAP. The patient continued to improve with aggressive Lasix diuresis. The patient was diuresed with a total of 10 liters at Hospital name. The patient was over diuresed, then was given supplemental IV fluid for hydration and started to improve. The patient is now transferred to Hospital name for further respiratory therapy, physical therapy, and occupational therapy care. The patient is currently on two liters nasal cannula, requiring max assist. The patient will be seen and evaluated by the therapist. Next is review of systems 12-point of review of systems is otherwise negative as mentioned in the HPI. Next is allergies no known drug allergies. Next is current medication list, please see admission medication list for further details including number one Lasix 40 mg p.o. b.i.d. next is Lipitor next is Lovenox next is aspirin next is vancomycin next is Zosyn next is Levaquin per pharmacy next is nitroglycerin next is Protonix. Next is past medical history as per above diabetes next is hypertension next is coronary artery disease next is COPD next is ischemic cardiomyopathy, status post CABG times four next is history of pneumonia next is history of hypoxemic respiratory failure. Next is past hospitalization please see HPI. Next is past surgical history number one is status post coronary artery bypass grafting next is venectomy next is status post cesarean section. Next is family history noncontributory noncontributory. Next is social history patient lives with her husband. Denies any current drugs, alcohol, or tobacco. Able to ambulate with a front wheel walker. Next is physical examination on the hospital floor temperature is 98.8, blood pressure 98/7 excuse me blood pressure is 100/53, respiratory rate 20, pulse of 97, saturating 99% on two liters nasal cannula. Generally patient was awake, alert and oriented times four. Head is normocephalic, atraumatic. Sclerae nonicteric. Oropharynx is clear. Dry mucous membranes. Neck no lymphadenopathy. No thyromegaly. Cardiovascular regular rate excuse me irregular rate and irregular rhythm. There is a 2 out of 6 systolic ejection murmur located in the upper sternal border. Lungs coarse breath sounds bilaterally with good inspiratory effort. Nothing clears the cough. Abdomen is soft and nontender. Normoactive bowel sounds. Next is extremities no clubbing or cyanosis. There is trace pedal edema bilaterally. Next is current laboratories are pending at the time of this dictation. Next is x-ray currently pending at the time of this dictation. Next is ABG demonstrates pH of 7.3. The patient's pCO2 is 24 with hyper excuse me pH is 7.55 PCO2 is 25 and pO2 is 75. The patient demonstrates hypoventilation. Next is chest x-ray currently pending. Next is assessment and plan patient is a very pleasant 83-year-old female with history of ischemic cardiomyopathy, coronary artery disease, congestive heart failure, COPD, community acquired pneumonia {slash} hospital acquired pneumonia who presented to Hospital name for acute hypoxic respiratory failure requiring BiPAP and Lasix diuresis. The patient was found to have an acute CHF exacerbation. The patient then presented to Hospital name for ongoing care. Next number one hypoxic respiratory failure. The patient will be monitored at Hospital name. Continue Lasix diuresis. Monitor for fluid overload status. Place on BiPAP as needed. Next is congestive heart failure with ejection fraction of 50 excuse me 30%. Continue daily weights. Continue to monitor. Check a.m. labs. Check BNP. Next is ischemic cardiomyopathy, status post coronary artery bypass grafting. The patient has generalized weakness possibly associated with generalized hospitalization. Continue rehab, PT, OT evaluation. Next is diabetes, chronic condition. Continue to monitor for hypoglycemia. Provide diabetic medications. Next is COPD. Monitor for possible exacerbation. Consider steroids as needed. Next is code status. The patient is full code. This is the end of dictation for this patient thank you.
