Reason for admission number one hypoxemic respiratory failure requiring BiPAP without intubation. Next is influenza A. Nedxt is Pseudomonas pneumonia, status post IV antibiotics. Next is history of COPD with exacerbation and bronchospasm. Next is obstructive sleep apnea and obesity hypoventilation syndrome. Next is deconditioning. Next is diabetes. Next is hypertension. Next hyperthyroid. Next is functional quadriplegia. Next is reason for admission transferred from Hospital Name Hospital for ongoing respiratory therapy and care. Next is history of present illness the patient is a 90-year-old female with history of diabetes, hypertension, COPD {slash} asthma, obstructive sleep apnea and obesity with hyperthyroidism, transferred to Hospital Name Hospital on Month DD, YYYY with complaints of shortness of breath, fevers, and productive sputum. The patient was seen and evaluated and found to have positive test for influenza A and Pseudomonas in her sputum. The patient was treated with IV antibiotics and Tamiflu. The patient continued the course of patient was unable to be weaned off the BiPAP and continued to have severe weakness. The patient was eventually transferred to Hospital Name Hospital. While at Hospital Name Hospital, the patient has sustained a non-ST segment elevation MI. She had a left heart catheterization without any evidence of obstructive coronary artery disease. The patient did not receive any intervention and the patient is currently on a BiPAP and daughter is at bedside to provide history.

Review of systems a 12-point review of systems is otherwise negative as mentioned in HPI. Next is allergies no known drug allergies. Next is current medication list on transfer DuoNebs q. four hours next is aspirin 81 mg orally q. day next is atorvastatin, next is methimazole next is metoprolol next is insulin sliding scale next is Zofran as needed. Next is past medical history remote abdominal history per chart. Next is past hospitalization patient was hospitalized before for pneumonia and asthma exacerbation. No history of intubation. Next is family history reviewed, noncontributory. Next is social history patient lives with her daughter and the son who are involved in her care. Denies any current drug, alcohol, or tobacco. She is Spanish speaking. Next is physical examination on the hospital floor, temperature is 97, pulse is 70, respiratory rate is 20, blood pressure is 120/60 with BiPAP setting of 12/5, FiO2 of 0.45%. Next is head is normocephalic, atraumatic. Sclerae nonicteric. Oropharynx is clear. Very dry mucous membranes. Neck no lymphadenopathy. Thick. No thyromegaly. Cardiovascular is regular rate and rhythm. Normal S1, S2. There is a murmur heard in the left upper sternal border that is faint. There is no splitting. Lungs decreased breath sounds bilaterally in the lower lobe. Poor inspiratory effort. Abdomen is soft, distended with pannus. No rebound or guarding. No right upper quadrant or right lower quadrant pain or tenderness. Extremities no clubbing, cyanosis, or edema. There is thin skin. The patient shows evidence of truncal obesity with steroid facies. Next is current laboratory demonstrates WBC of 6.9, hemoglobin 10.7, platelets of 81. Chemistry shows sodium of 158, potassium of 2.5, chloride is 114, bicarbonate is 36, BUN is 52, and creatinine is 0.63. Her phosphorus is 1.2. Current chest x-ray demonstrates patchy infiltrates in the perihilar and left basilar region suspicious for pneumonia. Next is current medications patient is on no IV antibiotics at this time. Next is assessment and plan patient is a very pleasant Spanish-speaking 90-year-old female with history of obesity, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, asthma, presented to Hospital Name Hospital for shortness of breath and fever, was found to have Pseudomonas pneumonia, was influenza A positive, was found to have hypoxic respiratory failure, was transferred to Hospital Name Hospital for ongoing care for hypoxic respiratory failure. next is hospital course per problem list number one hypoxemic respiratory failure, multifactorial, secondary to obesity hypoventilation syndrome, obstructive sleep apnea, influenza A, and recent Pseudomonal pneumonia. The patient will be continued on BiPAP. The patient is status post treatment for her influenza and her Pseudomonas. Next is influenza type A. We will continue to monitor and the patient does not have any secretions build up at this point and is safe for BiPAP. Next is pneumonia with Pseudomonas, status post Levaquin and IV antibiotics. We will repeat sputum culture. Next is history of asthma/chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, history of bronchospasm. The patient will be monitored off steroids. We will start steroids if she starts to wheeze. Next is diabetes. Continue sliding scale. Next is anemia {slash} anemia of chronic disease. We will monitor hemoglobin. We will follow up with transfusion as needed. Next is non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction described as demand type two ischemia. No evidence of obstructive coronary artery disease. Next is hyperthyroidism. Continue her methimazole. Next is generalized weakness with functional quadriplegia. We will get PT/OT evaluation and continue mobility protocol, aspiration precaution. Next is code status. The patient is DNR/DNI as conferred by the patient's daughter, who is sitting at the bedside. This is end of dictation for this patient thank you
