Reason for admission number one hypoxemic respiratory failure, status post tracheostomy. Right pleural effusion with transudative type with hydrothorax with PleurX catheter placement. Next is abdominal cellulitis, status post treatment. Next is end-stage liver disease with cirrhosis due to cryptogenic liver disease, ascites, status post TIPS procedure due to varicosities and portal hypertension. Next is end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis with hepatorenal syndrome, status post TIPS procedure with right chest wall PermCath placed on Month DD, YYYY. Next is recent Clostridium difficile infection, status post treatment. Next is secondary diagnoses number one diabetes, next is hypertension, next is hypothyroidism, next is morbid obesity, next is gout, next is seizure disorder, next is functional quadriplegia. Next is chief complaint transferred from Hospital Name Medical Center for ongoing care for respiratory difficulties and dialysis. Next is history of present illness patient is a very unfortunate 72-year-old female with history of cryptogenic cirrhosis, ascites, pleural effusion, portal hypertension with varices, diabetes and hypothyroidism, who was admitted to Hospital Name Medical Center on Month DD, YYYY for shortness of breath and ascites. The patient does have multiple history multiple episodes of paracentesis. On this account, the patient had shortness of breath. The patient underwent TIPS procedure by The Physician at Hospital Name Medical Center, started to develop anuria likely associated with hepatorenal syndrome. The patient then required hemodialysis. The patient became fluid overloaded and required intubation. The patient has a long protracted ICU course where she was intubated, ventilated, and continued dialysis. The patient then transferred to over to Hospital Name Hospital for ongoing care.

The patient was in the ICU at Hospital Name Medical Center for approximately four weeks attempting to reverse her respiratory failure. The patient ended up with a tracheostomy and a G-tube. The patient currently has is awake. Does not have any chest pain. Shortness of breath with minimal exertion. No nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea. Recently with C. diff with status post treatment. Next is review of systems 12-point review of systems is otherwise negative as mentioned in HPI. Next is allergies no known drug allergies. Next is current medication list current medical list includes rifampin next is Protonix next is Amiodarone next is meropenem next is metoprolol next is Synthroid next is DuoNebs. Next please see the rest of the admission medicine reconciliation for further details. Next is past medical history number one is diabetes, next is hypertension, next is hypothyroidism, next is morbid obesity, next is gout, next is seizure disorder, next is cryptogenic cirrhosis with massive ascites and pleural effusions. Next is past surgical history number one is right chest PermCath next is history of C-section next is tracheostomy next is G-tube placement. Next time out please remove G-tube replacement. Patient has an NG tube next is right PleurX catheter. Next is past hospitalization multiple hospitalizations for toxic metabolic encephalopathy due to hyperammonia level next is GI bleed next is ascites requiring paracentesis next is generalized weakness. Next is family history reviewed, noncontributory. Next is social history patient lives with her family. At baseline, she is able to use [skip] walker, able to ambulate, but the patient has not ambulated for the past two and a half months. Denies any current drugs, alcohol, or tobacco. Next is physical examination on the hospital floor, temperature is 98.7, blood pressure is 107, respiratory rate 25, blood pressure is 132/68, saturating 98%, FiO2 of 30%. Generally patient was awake, alert, and oriented times four. Head normocephalic, atraumatic. Sclerae nonicteric. Oropharynx is clear. Dry mucous membranes. The patient has an NG tube in place. Neck no lymphadenopathy. Thick. Unable to appreciate thyroid. There is right PermCath excuse me right-sided central line catheter scar was clean, dry, and intact. There is a right chest PermCath. There is a right posterior PleurX catheter. Next is abdomen distended with pannus. Difficult to move pannicular folds. Does have excoriation due to fungus in between the abdominal folds. Next is lungs decreased breath sounds. Distant heart sounds through the AP diameter. Next is extremities +4 pitting edema in the thighs and the sacral areas. Next is current laboratories demonstrates WBC is 15.5, hemoglobin 9.5, platelets of 187. Potassium is 4.1, sodium 1.3, carbon dioxide 25, creatinine is 3.6, glucose is 33 333, AST is 30.9 AST 143, albumin is 2.9. Next is ABG shows pH of 7.4, pCO2 of 50, pO2 is 294. Next is INR is 1.2. Next is urinalysis is cloudy urine wbc. Next is chest x-ray is currently pending. Next is disposition. Excuse me next is assessment and plan patient is a very unfortunate 72-year-old female with history of diabetes, hypertension, seizure disorder, morbid obesity, has history of cryptogenic cirrhosis with ascites, esophageal varices and portal hypertension, underwent TIPS procedure and developed hepatorenal syndrome with end-stage renal disease requiring dialysis, has fluid overload, developed hypoxemic respiratory failure status post tracheostomy, now requires dialysis, has a PermCath in place and has a PleurX drain. She is here at Hospital Name Hospital for further ongoing care. Next is hospital course by problem list number one hypoxemic respiratory failure status post tracheostomy secondary to volume overload and pulmonary edema. The patient will be continued on TIPS procedure protocol for weaning. The patient does have a tracheostomy, is able to wean appropriately as directible. We will consult Pulmonary Medicine for assistance and weaning the patient. Next is right pleural effusion, transudative type with hydrothorax with continued effusions, status post PleurX drainage. We will check the level of drainage by chest x-ray and drain as needed. Next is abdominal cellulitis excuse me that was abdominal wall cellulitis. Continue current care. We will monitor for any further infections. We will keep the area dry. We will provide antibiotics if necessary. Next is end-stage liver disease with cirrhosis and ascites, status post TIPS procedure. The patient does have history of esophageal varices and portal hypertension. We will monitor ammonia level. We will continue rifampin. Next is atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular rate. Rate is controlled with amiodarone and metoprolol. We will continue to monitor closely for rapid ventricular rate. Next is end-stage renal disease, on hemodialysis, new diagnosis secondary to hepatorenal syndrome status post TIPS procedure. Has a right-sided chest wall PermCath placed on Month DD, YYYY. We will consult Nephrology for assistance in management of dialysis. Next is recent history of Clostridium difficile infection, status post treatment. We will continue to monitor. We will provide empiric antibiotics if needed. Next is diabetes. Provide sliding scale and continue diabetic medications with diabetic source. Next is leukocytosis, likely associated with pneumonia. The patient is currently on meropenem. We will get Infectious Disease evaluation. Next is hypertension. We will continue antihypertensive medications as needed. We will start with AV nodal blockers as the patient does have atrial fibrillation. Next is hypothyroidism. Continue medications and monitor. Check TSH during hospitalization. Next is morbid obesity. Recommend weight loss. Monitor for cellulitis and skin infection. Next is functional quadriplegia. We will get rehabilitation evaluation and increase mobility protocol. We will have deep venous thrombosis prophylaxis. Next is code status. The patient is full code. This is the end of dictation for this patient thank you
