Reason for admission number one acute hypoxemic respiratory failure, multifactorial. Next is aspiration pneumonia with sepsis and septic shock at Hospital Name Medical Center. Next is Acinetobacter baumannii and MRSA ventilator associated pneumonia. Next is hypertension. Next is atrial fibrillation, new onset. Next is acute-on-chronic diastolic heart failure. Next is diabetes type 2 poorly controlled. Next is gastroparesis. Next is persistent leukocytosis. None. Next is non-albicans fungemia, present upon admission. Next is chronic dysphagia with G-tube placement. Next is encephalopathy, possibly associated to dementia. No evidence of acute CVA. Next is electrolyte abnormalities. Next is chronic COPD with frequent exacerbations. Next is chief complaint transferred to Hospital Name Hospital for ongoing care. Next is history of present illness the patient is a 75-year-old gentleman with a history of severe COPD, frequent exacerbation, abdominal aortic aneurysm status post stent placement, hypertension, diabetes presented from skilled nursing facility to Hospital Name Medical Center on Month DD, YYYY with acute onset of confusion and respiratory distress. At the time of evaluation, the patient was found to have hypoxic and hypercapnic respiratory failure. The patient was then initially admitted to the ICU on a ventilator. The patient was found to have MRSA and Acinetobacter baumannii pneumonia was also treated with colistin and IV tetracycline. The patient was found to have non-albicans fungemia, was given micafungin. Patient continued to do poorly. Patient required a tracheostomy and G-tube placement for nutrition. The patient was then further sent over to Hospital Name Hospital for ongoing care. Next is review of systems was unable to obtain due to the patient's current intubation status. Next is past surgical his past medical history number one severe emphysema. Next is hypertension. Next is Diabetes. Next is hyperlipidemia. Next is mild dementia with delirium. Next is oropharyngeal dysphagia with chronic aspiration pneumonia. Next is abdominal aortic aneurysm, status post stent placement. Next is past hospitalization as per HPI. Next is past surgical history as per HPI. Next is review of family history reviewed, noncontributory. Next is social history patient is an ex-smoker. Does denies any illicit drugs or alcohol. Formally lives with at a boarding care. Does not have DPOA listed. Cannot has financial resources. Does not have that is not able to qualify for Medi-Cal. Next is current medication list from Hospital Name number one tetracycline. Next is colistin. Next is digoxin. Next is Solu-Medrol. Next is Eraxis. Next is Protonix. Next is amiodarone. Next is Levemir. Next is Mucomyst. Next is Reglan. Next is insulin sliding scale. Next is physical examination upon admission, temperature 98.6, blood pressure is 160/80, respiratory rate of 25, saturating 94% on ventilator at 30%. Generally patient was awake, nondirectable, eyes open. Head normocephalic and atraumatic. Sclerae nonicteric. Oropharynx is clear. Dry mucous membranes. Neck no lymphadenopathy. No thyromegaly. Cardiovascular is irregular rate, irregular rhythm. No murmurs. Abdomen soft and nontender. Gastrostomy is in the left upper quadrant. No discharge or drainage. Next is genitalia condom catheter, clear yellow. Neurologic patient is nonfocal, moves extremities spontaneously. Next is extremities cap refill is less than 2 seconds. Patient peripheral pulses, dorsal pedal and posterior tibial pulses are present bilateral lower extremities. Next is laboratories WBC is 9.6, hemoglobin is 9.4, sodium is 132, potassium is 5, phosphorus is 2.5, ABG is 7.4, pCO2 35, pO2 98. Next is chest x-ray shows bilateral basilar infiltrates and tracheostomy with mild cardiomegaly. Next is assessment and plan the patient is a 35-year-old gentleman with history of severe COPD, frequent exacerbation, AAA status post stenting, hypertension, diabetes presented to X Hospital Name Medical Center for acute respiratory failure, chronic respiratory failure, sepsis, septic shock, found to have ventilator associated pneumonia, chronic acceleration in fungemia. The patient was then treated, had a tracheostomy and a G-tube placed, and sent over to Hospital Name Hospital for ongoing care. Next number one hypoxemic respiratory failure, multifactorial. Patient is currently on a ventilator. We will consult Pulmonary Medicine for further evaluation and care. Continue weaning protocol for TIPS procedure. Next is aspiration pneumonia with sepsis, septic shock. Patient was found to have MRSA and Acinetobacter baumannii. The patient will continue current care of those antibiotics. Next is fungemia non-Candida. Patient will continue to be provided with IV antifungal. Continue a total course of two weeks. Next is acute-on-chronic diastolic heart failure, was initially over diuresed. Patient creatinine elevated, is currently euvolemic. Next is history of acute tubular necrosis {slash} acute renal failure secondary to overdiuresis. Patient has normal creatinine. We will continue to monitor and will balance between diuresis and dehydration and fluid overload. Next is gastroparesis possibly associated with ileus due to illness. We will continue with decreasing G-tube feeding, provide IV fluid hydration. Next is diabetes, poorly controlled. We will consult endocrinology for assistance in the management of this patient. Next is code status. Patient is full code. This is the end of dictation for this patient. Thank you
