Reason for admission number one hypoxemic respiratory failure, status post tracheostomy. Next is oropharyngeal dysphagia with G tube placement. Next is history of E. coli pneumonia, status post treatment. Next is sepsis with septic shock, secondary to E. coli pneumonia, now resolved. Next is history of lung cancer, status post right middle lobe right upper lobe resection, status post chemotherapy and radiation. Next is acute kidney injury {slash} acute tubular necrosis, now resolved. Next is funguria, currently on Diflucan. Next is contraction alkalosis. Next is secondary diagnosis of primary hyperaldosteronism. Next is diabetes. Next is anemia, secondary to B12 deficiency. Next is hypertension. Next is limited code. No chest compressions. Next is chief complaint transferred from Hospital Name for ongoing respiratory care. Next is history of present illness patient is a 90-year-old female with history of diabetes, hypertension, anemia, primary aldosteronism with history of lung cancer adenoma, status post right middle lobe right upper lobe resection, completing chemotherapy and radiation, presented to Hospital Name Medical Center for Hospital Name Medical Center for acute respiratory failure, secondary to hypoxic respiratory failure, was found to have E. coli pneumonia. Patient developed sepsis and septic shock. I was unable to wean from the ventilator, currently has tracheostomy for hypoxemic respiratory failure. Next review of systems patient currently complains of abdominal pain, status post G tube placement. Denies any chest pain or lightheadedness, mainly speaks Spanish. Family is present at bedside. Next allergies no known drug allergies. Next is current medications list please see medication list which includes amlodipine 10 mg p.o. q day, folic acid. Next is pentamidine. Next is heparin subcu. Next is senna. Next is metoprolol. Next is ascorbic acid. Next is Levemir. Next is enteral feedings. Next is DuoNeb. Next is polyethylene glycol. Next is Oxycodone. Next is Dilaudid. Next is Tylenol. Next is past medical history as per HPI. Next is past surgical history number one tracheostomy placement, secondary to hypoxemic respiratory failure. Next is G tube placement. Next is history of lung cancer in YYYY, status post right middle lobe and right upper lobe resection. Next is family history reviewed noncontributory. Next is social history patient lives at home with her five daughters excuse me lives at home with her family, has five daughters that rotate through and provide assistance in her care. Denies any current drugs, alcohol, or tobacco. Does not have a history of smoking. Next is physical examination on the hospital floor, temperature is 98.5, pulse of 88, respiratory rate of 38, blood pressure is 144/78. Generally patient was anxious. Head normocephalic, atraumatic. Sclerae anicteric. Oropharynx is clear. Dry mucous membranes. Neck no lymphadenopathy. No thyromegaly. Tracheostomy in site. No evidence of drainage, midline. Next is respiratory wise, patient seems to have mild paradoxical breathing at times. Cardiovascular is regular rate. No murmurs. Lungs decreased breath sounds on the right side. Abdomen soft, tenderness to palpation at the G tube site. G tube was clean, dry, and intact. No evidence of drainage or redness. Number next is extremities no clubbing, cyanosis, +1 edema and trace edema to the shins. Patient has sacral edema due to dependent edema. Next is current laboratory is currently pending. Next is chest x-ray currently pending. Next is EKG currently pending. Next is assessment and plan patient is a very pleasant 90-year-old female with history of adenocarcinoma of the lung, diagnosed in YYYY, status post right middle lobe and right upper lobe lobectomy, status post chemotherapy and radiation, history of recent mechanical fall, diabetes, hypertension, anemia, primary aldosteronism, presented to Hospital Name Medical Center for hypoxic respiratory failure, found to have E. coli pneumonia, was treated in the ICU with sepsis and septic shock, was unable to be weaned off the ventilator, currently has a tracheostomy and gastrostomy tube in Hospital Name Hospital for ongoing respiratory care. Next is hospital course by problem list number one hypoxemic respiratory failure, status post tracheostomy, likely associated with pneumonia. Patient has completed the course of IV antibiotics. We will monitor for copious secretions, get pulmonary consultation for assistance in evaluation for weaning from the ventilator. Patient will have EKG, chest x-ray performed, adjust the ventilator accordingly. Next is E. coli pneumonia, status post treatment. We will continue to monitor for signs of poor clearance. Next is sepsis with septic shock, currently resolved. Next is history of adenocarcinoma, status post right middle lung and right upper lung resection, status post chemotherapy and radiation. Patient also had a chest cutaneous mass that was also resected but family wanted to relate the instructions that she is being followed pulmonologist at Hospital Name and currently is not an active issue with her overall health goals. This may be beneficial in understanding the low tidal volumes of her ventilation. We will defer to pulmonary for assistance of vent management. Next is acute kidney injury {slash} acute tubular necrosis, currently now resolved. Monitor for prerenal azotemia. Next is funguria status post treatment for bacterial urinary tract infection. Patient will be provided with Diflucan 100 mg once a day for five more days for complicated funguria. Next is contraction alkalosis. We will continue to monitor and diurese as necessary. Next is diabetes provide insulin sliding scale. Next is anemia {slash} anemia of chronic disease versus B12 deficiency versus Foley versus chemotherapy. We will continue to monitor and transfuse as necessary. Next is hypertension. Continue blood pressure medication as needed. Next is code status. I have discussed extensively with patient's family regarding the situation. They felt that they were uninformed of the initial conversation of code status. Patient's family currently has decided that patient's code status will be limited code with no chest compressions. Okay for shocks, okay for medications, okay for intubation and ventilation. Next is time for this admission was 55 minutes. This is the end of dictation for this patient thank you.
