Reason for admission number one is esophageal cancer, status post chemotherapy, x-ray therapy, and esophagectomy with pull through gastric anastomosis. Next is severe protein-calorie malnutrition, on G-tube and oropharyngeal dysphagia. Next is vocal cord paralysis. Next is pneumonia {slash} pneumonitis with gram-negative bacilli, on vancomycin and Zosyn. Next is chylothorax. Next is subcu subcutaneous emphysema secondary to air leak, status post chest tube. Next is ARDS with acute lung injury, acute respiratory failure requiring tracheostomy and high peak pressures. Next is pneumothorax with left-sided chest tubes, status post removal. Next is suspected PE, on Lovenox. Next is discharge diagnoses as the same as above. Next is cause of death number one cardiopulmonary arrest in minutes due to ARDS in weeks. Next is due esophageal cancer in months to years. Next is consultants on the case are The Physician from Pulmonary Medicine. Next is The Physician from Cardiology. Next is history of present illness patient is a very unfortunate 65-year-old female with history of asthma, GERD, hypertension, was recently diagnosed with esophageal cancer a few months back with status post chemotherapy and x-ray therapy, presented from Hospital Name Hospital after gastrectomy and gastric anastomosis with pull through. Patient had very high peak pressures due to ARDS. Patient continued to have multiple complications with subcutaneous emphysema, chylothorax, and acute respiratory failure. Patient was admitted to Hospital Name Hospital in critical condition in the ICU.

Hospital course number one by problem list number one esophageal cancer, considered improved. Patient status post surgery. No evidence of acute bleeding. Next is severe protein-calorie malnutrition, on G-tube placement. The patient was continued on G-tube replacement during hospitalization. Patient tolerated the procedure well. Next is ARDS {slash} acute lung injury/acute respiratory failure requiring tracheostomy in the fibrotic state. Patient required multiple excuse me very high levels of pressure support to maintain oxygenation. Patient was aggressively managed and treated in the ICU with adjustment in her ventilator. Patient continued to have poor saturation.

Patient's family was notified during the poor progress. Patient was attempted to be transferred to Hospital Name Medical Center. There was a logistical error, but patient improved and Patient's husband no longer wanted patient to be transferred to Hospital Name.

Patient started to require high and high peak pressure with continued hypoxia. Patient eventually had a cardiac arrest and patient was converted to DNR by her husband and patient was allowed to pass. Next this is the end of dictation for this patient thank you.
