Reason for admission number one is spinal sorry lumbar osteomyelitis {slash} abscess with MSSA Staph. Next is chronic C. difficile colitis. Next is electrolytes abnormalities secondary to chronic C. difficile. Next is metabolic acidosis. Next is diabetes. Next is hypertension. Next is end-stage renal disease requiring hemodialysis. Next is anemia {slash} anemia of chronic disease. Next is lower extremity weakness, status post status post laminectomy with abscess drainage. Next is chief complaint transferred from Hospital Name Medical Center for ongoing IV antibiotics therapy and care. Next is history of present illness patient is a 63-year-old gentleman with history of diabetes, hypertension, end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis, Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Patient initially presented to Hospital Name Medical Center for concerns of back pain. Of note, patient was frequently receiving antibiotics for endocarditis. Patient started to have ongoing back pain and was seen at Hospital Name on Month DD, YYYY and was found to have leukocytosis and difficulty walking. Patient had a C-spine that showed osteomyelitis at the L4-L5 with possible abscess. Patient underwent laminectomy and had an abscess drainage by Interventional Radiology. Patient developed Clostridium difficile infection and then was transferred to Hospital Name Hospital for ongoing care.

Review of systems 12-point review of systems is otherwise negative other than mentioned in HPI.

Next is allergies no known drug allergies.

Next is current medication list patient on the following medications number one vitamin B complex. Next is Bio-K. Next is fidaxomicin. Next is Oxacillin IV. Next is Ambien. Next is [skip]. Next is Zofran. Next is Tylenol. Next is DuoNebs. Next is past medical history as per HPI number one hypertension. Next is end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Next is chronic anemia. Next is generalized pain. Next is past surgical history number one status post vascular shunt for hemodialysis. Next is L4-L5 laminectomy in Month YYYY. Next is status post drainage in Month YYYY. Next is right-sided Perm-A-Cath. Next is family history reviewed, noncontributory. No early history of cardiopulmonary disease. Next is social history patient lives at home with wife. Denies any current drugs, alcohol or tobacco. Mainly speaks Spanish. She was depressed about current situation and chronic hospitalization. Next is assessment and plan excuse me next is physical examination on the hospital floor, temperature 98, blood pressure is 100/44, next is pulse 78, respiratory rate 22, saturating 100% on 4 liters of nasal cannula. Generally, patient was awake, alert, and oriented times four. Head normocephalic, atraumatic. Sclerae nonicteric. Oropharynx is clear. Dry mucous membranes. Neck no lymphadenopathy. No thyromegaly. Cardiovascular regular rate and rhythm. Normal S1 and S2. Lungs clear to auscultation bilaterally. Abdomen is soft, nontender, nondistended. Normoactive bowel sounds. Extremities no clubbing or cyanosis. There is decreased sensation in the bilateral lower extremities with generalized weakness, but able to move against gravity with 4-. Next is current laboratories, INR is 1.4, hemoglobin is 9.4, WBC is 15, platelets of 438. Potassium 2.5, bicarbonate is 17, creatinine is 5.4. Next is chest x-ray shows negative for infiltrates. Next is assessment and plan patient is a 53-year-old gentleman with history of diabetes, hypertension, end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis, Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, status post laminectomy, developed a lumbar abscess status post IR drainage, currently here for IV antibiotics. Patient has secondary complications of chronic C. difficile on antibiotics.

Next is hospital course per problem list number one is lumbar osteomyelitis, status post lumbar resection in 2016. Patient currently getting oxacillin IV antibiotics excuse me patient currently patient grew out MSSA Staph currently getting oxacillin IV antibiotics for a total course of eight weeks. Next is C. difficile currently on Dificid. Next is diabetes [skip] continued on diabetic medication time out please go back to C. difficile patient has chronic C. difficile likely associated likely associated with multiple IV antibiotics. Patient is on Dificid. Would get ID consultation to make a recommendation to change to different medications, as is discussed [skip] overall discharging this patient to a skilled nursing facility. Next is diabetes. Continue diabetic medication, insulin sliding scale. Next is hypertension. Continue blood pressure medications. Next is end-stage renal disease, on hemodialysis. We will consult nephrology for assistance in dialysis for this patient. Next is code status. Patient is full code. This is the end of dictation for this patient thank you.
