Reason for admission number one is a severe sepsis with septic shock. Next is a cholangitis, secondary to biliary obstruction. Next is a acute blood loss anemia due to B-cell lymphoma penetration. Next is a B-cell lymphoma, status status post diagnosis, no treatment. Next is toxic metabolic encephalopathy. Next is acute pancreatitis, secondary to biliary obstruction. Next is a obstructive jaundice, secondary to penetrating lymphoma, status pot stenting into the biliary tree. Next is a metabolic acidosis due to lactic acidosis and sepsis and hypovolemia. Next is a seizure disorder with syncope. Next is a electrolyte abnormalities with hypokalemia, hypophosphatemia, hypomagnesemia. Next is a bowel obstruction, secondary to mouse lymphoma assay, due to status post duodenal stenting by gastroenterology. Next is large liver mass, status post chemo embolization. Next is a oliguric renal failure. Next is a chief complaint transferred from Hospital Name Medical Center for ongoing therapy and care. Next is a history of present illness patient is a very unfortunate 70-year-old female with history of diabetes, hypertension, presented to the ED with complaints of abdominal pain. The patient was found to have severe hypertension likely associated with cholangitis, severe sepsis, and septic shock, and hypovolemic shock. Patient was admitted to the ICU under my care at Hospital Name Medical Center. Patient at that time received 6 U of packed red blood cell transfusion. Patient was found to have obstructive jaundice. Patient underwent ERCP with biliary stenting, which improved her jaundice, had decreasing bilirubin levels. Patient continued to have severe abdominal pain and was found to have a bowel obstruction [skip] resulting in poor p.o. intake. Patient had another stent placed in the duodenum and NG tube placed for feeding. Patient also will undergo chemoembolization by interventional radiology for a large liver mass that probably be associated with lymphoma. Patient had a complication of GI bleed during chemoembolization excuse me after the chemoembolization requiring 4 U of packed red blood cell [skip] transfusion. Patient continued to have black tarry stools, but currently is hemodynamically stable with low blood pressures in the 100s. Patient was transferred to Hospital Name Hospital for ongoing respiratory therapy and care. Patient also has a percutaneous biliary drain placed in by Interventional Radiology, currently draining 50 cc of biliary material. Patient is status post IV antibiotics, no longer showing signs of infection. Next review of systems a twelve-point review of systems is otherwise negative other than mentioned in HPI. Patient denies any chest pain, lightheadedness, dizziness. No nausea, vomiting. Does have anorexia, poor p.o. intake, does have epigastric pain and left upper quadrant pain. Denies any constipation. Next is extremities no clubbing, cyanosis or edema. Plus 2 pitting edema. Next is a current allergies no known drug allergies. Next is a current medication list patient was transferred for the following medications Benadryl. Next is Colace. Next is a Tylenol. Next is a Reglan. Next is a Zofran. Next is Protonix. Next is a Zosyn. Next is vancomycin. Next is a past medical history as per HPI. Next is past surgical history as per HPI. Next is a past hospitalization as per HPI. Next is a family history reviewed, noncontributory. Denies any early cancer or next is family history patient lives with her son. Denies any current drugs, alcohol, or tobacco. Did not use a cane or walker. Next is a physical examination on the hospital floor, temperature 98.5, blood pressure is 124/59, respiratory rate 20, saturating 95% on 2 L nasal cannula. general patient was awake, alert, and oriented x3. Head was normocephalic, atraumatic. Sclerae nonicteric. Oropharynx is clear. Dry mucous membranes. Neck no lymphadenopathy. No thyromegaly. Cardiovascular regular rate and rhythm. Normal S1 and S2. Lungs clear to auscultation bilaterally. Abdomen soft. There is tenderness to palpation in the left upper quadrant. No tympani noted. No right upper quadrant, no right lower quadrant pain. Patient does have an epigastric percutaneous biliary drain noted that is draining about approximately 50 cc of bilious fluid. Next is a extremities no clubbing or cyanosis. There is +2 pitting edema to the shins. Next is a current laboratories are pending. Next is a chest x-ray is currently pending. Next is EKG currently pending. Next is a assessment and plan the patient is a 70-year-old female with the history of B-cell lymphoma, recent diagnosis, has not gone through chemotherapy, presented to Hospital Name Medical Center with shock, found to have ascending cholangitis due to biliary obstruction and hypovolemic shock. Patient was treated appropriately and then transferred here to Hospital Name Hospital for ongoing care. Number one septic shock with cholangitis. Patient will be continued on vancomycin and Zosyn. Will continue to monitor for sepsis. Next is acute blood loss anemia. Patient had 10 U of packed red blood cell transfusion on 2 episodes of bleeding. Will continue to monitor transfusion as necessary. Next is B-cell lymphoma. Patient is currently on treatment, has a status post chemoembolization of hepatic lesion. Patient will be followed up by hematology and oncology and recommended for further therapy care with discharge from Hospital Name Hospital. Next is acute pancreatitis, consider resolved, status post biliary stenting. Next is a obstructive jaundice, currently resolved. Will check bilirubin in a.m. Next is a bowel obstruction, secondary to lymphoma and penetration. Patient has a duodenal stent in place. Next is a code status. The patient is full code. This end of dictation for this patient thank you.

