Reason for admission number one is status post sepsis with septic shock. Next is acute respiratory failure requiring mechanical ventilation greater than 96 hours. Next is MRSA pneumonia. Next is aspiration pneumonia. Next is toxic metabolic encephalopathy, currently improved. Next is acute on chronic renal failure with acute tubular necrosis. Next is severe protein calorie malnutrition and oropharyngeal dysphagia. Next is status post influenza A positive, status post treatment. Next is metabolic acidosis due to sepsis with septic shock. Next is secondary diagnosis of COPD with nasal cannula dependence. Next is psychiatric mood disorder. Next is mild cognitive severe impairment {slash} dementia. Next is osteoarthritis. Next is chronic back pain. Next is functional quadriplegia. Next is reason for excuse me chief complaint transferred from Hospital Name Medical Center for ongoing respiratory care and therapy. Next is history of present illness patient is a 71-year-old gentleman with a history of COPD, dementia, nasal cannula dependence, psychiatric disorder with history of psychosis, brought from Hospital Name Hospital to Hospital Name Medical Center on Month DD, YYYY. The patient was found to have sepsis with septic shock. The patient was intubated and sent to the ICU for further ongoing care. The patient was stabilized in the ICU, continued to improve, and the patient was then transferred to Hospital Name Hospital for care. The patient is currently on IV antibiotics for MSA RSA pneumonia and aspiration pneumonia. The patient is currently mental status wise improved. Denies any suicidal or homicidal ideation. The patient denies any current fevers or chills. No nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, or constipation. Next is review of systems twelve point review of systems otherwise negative [skip] HPI. Next is allergies no known drug allergies. Next is current medications list: The patient is currently on the following medications aspirin 81 mg p.o. q. day, multivitamin 1 tablet p.o. q. day, next is Lactobacillus 1 tablet p.o. q. day, Next is linezolid 600 mg IV q.12 hours. Next is Pepcid 20 mg p.o. b.i.d. Next is Haldol 2 mg t.i.d. by mouth. Next is Ambien 5 mg p.o. q.h.s. p.r.n. insomnia. Next is albuterol handheld nebulizer. Next is Zosyn IV per pharmacy q.8 hours. Next is Tylenol as needed. Next is Dulcolax as needed. Next is valproic acid 3 250 mg p.o. b.i.d. Next is Ativan 1 mg p.o. q.8 hours. Next is nitroglycerin. Next is past medical history as per HPI. Next is past /surgical history unknown. Next is past hospitalization unknown. Next is family history reviewed, noncontributory. I discussed with the patient's daughter, her name is Hospital Name. Patient’s next is family social history the patient lives in a skilled nursing facility called Hospital Name. Denies any current drugs, alcohol, or tobacco. The patient stated that on advanced directives, he would like to have G-tube feedings, intubation is okay. No prolonged life sustaining measures. I discussed it with the patient's daughter who stated that the patient will be best benefited from the hospice, but I will discuss that when the patient goes back to the skilled nursing facility. Next is physical examination on hospital floor, temperature is 98, blood pressure is 119/67, pulse 24, respiratory rate of 20, pulse of 101, next is oxim pulse ox is 99% on 4 liters nasal cannula. Generally, the patient is awake, alert and oriented times three, knows who he is and knows the situation. Does not know the date. Does not know the location, but understands risks and benefits of intubation and G-tube placement. Denies any pain. Head normocephalic, atraumatic. Sclerae nonicteric. Oropharynx is clear. Dry mucous membranes. Neck no lymphadenopathy. No thyromegaly. Cardiovascular is regular rate and rhythm. Normal S1, S2. Lungs clear to auscultation in the apices, poor inspiratory effort, bilateral lower lobe crackles. Abdomen soft, nontender. No rebound. No guarding. No right lower quadrant no right lower quadrant pain. Next is extremities thin. No edema noted. Peripheral pulses intact. Capillary refill less than 2 seconds. Oropharynx is dry. Overall, the patient looks older than stated age with temporal wasting and normal tone, decreased bulk. Next is current laboratories demonstrate WBC is 14.8, hemoglobin 10.9, platelets 307.  Next is sodium 128, potassium is 4.6, chloride is 92, albumin is 2.6. Next creatinine is 1.3. Coagulation is INR is 1.1. Urinalysis is negative. Next is stool for C. diff is negative. Next is chest x-ray demonstrates patchy bibasilar opacities with left greater than right. Next is assessment and plan the patient is a pleasant 77-year-old excuse me 71-year-old gentleman with history of COPD, dementia, psychosis with mood disorder, presented to the skilled nursing facility for acute respiratory failure. He is currently stabilized requiring further respiratory therapy care at Hospital Name Hospital. The patient is transferred to Hospital Name Hospital for ongoing therapy and care with regards to nasal cannula oxygen, breathing techniques, PT/OT, fall precautions, and continued IV antibiotic treatment for his aspiration pneumonia and MRSA pneumonia. Next is problem list number one acute hypercapnic respiratory failure secondary to obtundation, pneumonia, sepsis. The patient currently on nasal cannula. We will continue to provide respiratory therapy. We will to attempt to wean the patient off to room air. We will get PT/OT evaluation and respiratory therapy evaluation. We will consult pulmonary medicine. Next is MRSA pneumonia {slash} aspiration pneumonia. The patient will be continued on Zyvox and Zosyn for a total of 7 more days. The patient still has an elevated WBC count. We will consult ID for further investigation. The patient's urinalysis is negative. Next is toxic metabolic encephalopathy. The patient is currently on Haldol, has situations where he is off and on. The patient does recall that he is able to make decisions about his overall goals of treatment for now. Next is severe protein calorie malnutrition. The patient had a NG tube placed that was removed and that will allow him to have supplementation of his nutrition. The patient may require G-tube placement. I discussed this with the patient and patient said that will be alright. Next is influenza A positive, status post treatment. Next is metabolic acidosis, status post IV antibiotics and aggressive hydration for sepsis with septic shock. Next is COPD. We will continue nasal cannula. Monitor for oxygen saturation. Next is DVT prophylaxis. Provide SCD. Next is GI  prophylaxis. Provide Protonix. Next is code status. The patient is full code. This is the end of dictation for this patient. 65 minutes was spent on this dictation excuse me 65 minutes was spent on the current evaluation of this patient discussing with consultants, coordinating the care with nurses and retrieving medical information from outside hospital, reviewing medical information. This is the end of dictation for this patient. Thank you.
