Reason for admission number one is aspiration pneumonia, MRSA pneumonia. Next is MRSA bacteremia. Next is acute on chronic hypercapnic respiratory failure on the ventilator, intubated for more than 21 days. Next is sepsis with septic shock associated with bacteremia pneumonia, currently resolved. Next is generalized anasarca secondary to severe protein-calorie malnutrition. Next is anemia {slash} anemia of chronic disease. Next is COPD exacerbation. Next is right upper extremity celluli excuse me right upper extremity DVT associated with PICC line. Next is hyponatremia secondary to dehydration. Next is advanced dementia. Next is toxic metabolic encephalopathy secondary to sepsis encephalopathy on baseline. Chronic dementia. Next is functional quadriplegia with generalized weakness. Next is non-ST segment elevation MI. Next is acute renal failure {slash} acute tubular necrosis. Next is history of major depressive disorder with psychiatric features. Next is code status. The patient is full code, is a conserved patient at this state. Next is chief complaint transferred from Hospital Name Medical Center for ongoing respiratory therapy and care. Next is history of present illness the patient is a 90-year-old female with history of COPD, with history of advanced dementia, major depressive disorder with psychosis, considered by public guardian, history of COPD, hypertension, anemia, moderate protein-calorie malnutrition with functional quadriplegia, known to me from prior hospitalizations at Hospital Name and at Hospital Name Medical Center. The patient is currently transferred back to Hospital Name Medical Center for ongoing care.

The patient initially was seen at Hospital Name Medical Center and then transferred to Hospital Name Hospital, then transferred to Hospital Name Skilled Nursing Facility, now back at Hospital Name Medical Center, now transferred to Hospital Name Hospital. The patient had aspiration pneumonia with MRSA pneumonia with MRSA bacteremia, acute on chronic respiratory failure, and the patient is getting currently getting IV antibiotics, tube feedings, and being placed on ventilator.

Goals of care discussion was performed at Hospital Name Medical Center with ethics consultation with ethics physician and psychiatrist, and the patient was started on the conservative process of placing the patient on hospice with comfort care and comfort measures. Of note, the patient's daughter and son are very involved in the case, but unfortunately, due to relinquishment of responsibility, the patient's daughter cannot make any medical decision for the patient. The patient is a ward of the state.

The patient is currently will be evaluated by the State for comfort care and comfort measures, but the patient is currently with ventilator and NG tube feeding. We will continue the current course until decision is rendered. If decision is not rendered, the patient will likely need a tracheostomy and G-tube placement and transferred back to skilled nursing facility for ongoing chronic care.

Review of systems unable to obtain due to the patient's current intubation status.  The patient does seem to have anxiety and moves her hand frequently, and does not show any diaphoresis. No evidence of grimacing or pain. Next is allergies no known drug allergies. Next is current medication list, please see admission medication list for further details. Next is past hospitalization multiple hospitalizations at Hospital Name Medical Center, Hospital Name Long-term Acute Care Hospital and skilled nursing facilities. Next is past surgical history unknown. Next is family history reviewed, noncontributory. Next is social history the patient is a former resident of Hospital Name Skilled Nursing Facility, currently at Hospital Name Hospital due to chronic respiratory failure, transferred from Hospital Name Medical Center for ongoing care. Next is physical examination in the ICU, temperature is 98.3, blood pulse is 52, respiratory rate 17, blood pressure is 99/53, pulse oximetry is 99 percent on 30 percent FiO2 FiO2. Generally, the patient is awake, directable, no showing signs of pain. Head normocephalic, atraumatic. Sclerae nonicteric. Oropharynx is dry excuse me oropharynx is clear, dry mucous membrane. ET tube in place. NG in place. Neck no lymphadenopathy. No thyromegaly. No tracheal deviation. Cardiovascular is regular rate, regular rhythm. Had bradycardic at times, 2/16 systolic ejection murmur located in [skip] left upper sternal border. Lungs clear in the apices, bibasilar crackles. Abdomen soft, nontender, nondistended. Normoactive bowel sounds. No right upper quadrant or right lower quadrant pain or tenderness. No rebound. Next is extremities no clubbing or cyanosis. There is anasarca, generalized edema of the upper extremities. The right upper extremity is larger than the left. Recent ultrasound demonstrates DVT that is associated with PICC line. Next is current laboratories are currently pending. Next is EKG currently pending. Next is chest x-ray currently pending. Next is assessment and plan the patient is a very unfortunate 90-year-old female with history of hypertension, COPD, advanced dementia, functional quadriplegia, generalized anemia, severe protein-calorie malnutrition, has chronic respiratory failure, recently transferred from Hospital Name Medical Center, again for acute on chronic hypercapnic respiratory failure, found to have aspiration pneumonia with MRSA pneumonia and MRSA bacteremia. The patient is being evaluated for palliative care by the State conservatorship process. Next is hospital course per problem list number one aspiration pneumonia, MRSA pneumonia. The patient will be treated with IV vancomycin. The patient will have laboratories check. We will have pulmonary consultation for assistance and evaluation. Next is MRSA bacteremia likely associated with MRSA pneumonia. The patient will continue a total of 14 days of vancomycin. The patient recently had an echocardiogram that was negative for any vegetations or endocarditis. Next is acute on chronic hypercapnic respiratory failure. The patient is on T-piece at Hospital Name Medical Center, likely I will continue weaning process here at Hospital Name Hospital. Next is sepsis with septic shock with MRSA bacteremia and pneumonia, currently resolved. We will continue to monitor. The patient's baseline systolic blood pressure is in the 90s to 110. Next is generalized anasarca with severe protein-calorie malnutrition. We will encourage G-tube feedings for now. Next is anemia [slash} anemia of chronic disease. We will continue to follow and transfuse if necessary. No erythropoietin due to hypercoagulability and upper extremity DVT. Next is COPD with exacerbation. The patient is currently on steroids. We will continue. Next is left excuse me right upper extremity ultrasound with associated with PICC line and [skip] cannot be anticoagulated. The patient has a history of anemia and possible lower GI bleed. I will provide SCDs. Next is hyponatremia from dehydration, considered resolved. Next is functional quadriplegia due to generalized weakness and debility. The patient will have PT/OT evaluation during hospitalization. Next is acute renal failure [skip] secondary to sepsis with septic shock. Status post IV fluid hydration. I will check BMP and will monitor electrolytes. We will get nephrology consult if needed. Next is code status. The patient is currently full code, but there are paperwork process with the State conservator process for transferring the patient to DNR status and place her on comfort care and comfort measures with hospice. Next is DVT prophylaxis. Provide SCDs. Next is GI prophylaxis. Provide Protonix. This is the end of dictation for this patient. 

65 minutes was spent on the care of this patient including coordinating care, I was consulting, discussing with nurses, reviewing the patient's chart and medical records, and discussing with the patient's daughter on the phone overall process at Hospital Name Hospital. This is the end of dictation for this patient. Thank you.
