This is 9:200 to 10: 100 The Physician dictating consult note. Patient last name 11:700 to 13.500 Patient Name, first name Patient Name. Account number is 13:600 to 14:600 XXX-XXX-XXXX. Consulting physician is 16:500 to 17:500 The Physician. Reason for consult, heme-positive stool. History of present illness, patient is 85-year-old Iranian male with history of left-sided CVA in 29:000 to 30:000 Month DD, YYYY with residual left-sided weakness, dysphagia with placement of gastrostomy tube who has had extensive hospital course including multiple CVAs, most recently being admitted to outside hospital because of aspiration pneumonia and associated vent-dependent respiratory failure. Patient required thoracentesis, ultimately was able to be extubated. Once stabilized, he was transferred to Barlow for further management. At Barlow, he has been relatively stable with overall gradual decrease in any supplemental oxygen requirement. Patient has been noted to have gradual drop in hemoglobin from baseline close to 8, down to, from baseline around 9 down to 8. Per nursing staff, there has been no evidence of hematochezia or melena {period} Patient himself is unable to provide any history because of history of multiple strokes. All history is obtained from the wife at bedside and from prior medical records. Per wife, patient has had a colonoscopy before, last one being may be around five years ago {period} Past medical, surgical history, number one history of CVA, status post embolic stroke in 2013, followed by subsequent stroke in 3:01:100 to 3:02:100 Month DD, YYYY. Next number, history of aortic stenosis, status post aortic valve replacement on 2011. Next number, psick sinus syndrome with symptomatic bradycardia, status post pacemaker placement in 2016, seizure disorder, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, type 2 diabetes, dysphagia, status post gastrostomy tube placement, benign prostatic hypertrophy. Review of systems, unable to obtain. Patient with multiple strokes and encephalopathy. Social history, no history of tobacco, alcohol, or drugs. Family history, no history of lung disease. Allergies, iodine. Medications, insulin, atorvastatin, digoxin, diltiazem, Epogen, ceftriaxone, midodrine, Synthroid, metoprolol, acetylcysteine, Keppra, Bumex, dulcolax, vitamin D, calcitriol, Eliquis, albuterol, Atrovent, senna q.h.s. On physical exam, transcriptionist please note date of consultation was 4:11:700 to 4:13:100 Month DD, YYYY. Patient has blood pressure of 110/55, pulse is 98, temp is 97.3, respiratory rate is 18, O2 sat 97% on room air. Generally, patient is chronically ill-appearing elderly male, no acute distress. HEENT, head is normocephalic, atraumatic. Pupils are very sluggish. Neck is supple. No masses. Lungs, coarse breath sounds bilaterally. Heart has regular rate. Abdomen is soft, nontender, nondistended. Good bowel sounds. Extremities, no cyanosis or clubbing. 1+ pulses. Skin, no rash or lesion appreciated. Neurologic, the patient follows simple commands, but is overall very weak, mostly able to slightly moving left upper extremity. Laboratory, patient has a white count of 10, hemoglobin is 8, platelet count is 283. INR is 1.8, PTT is 58.3. Stool occult was positive on 2/15. Patient has a creatinine of 3.9, BUN is 109, calcium is 8.5, phosphorus 4.4, and mag is 2.7. Radiology, chest x-ray done on 6:13:500 to 6:14:750 Month DD, YYYY shows near total resolution of left lung base pneumonia, moderate right-sided pleural effusion. Impression, recommendations, patient is a 85-year-old white male with history of multiple strokes with associated dysphagia, being upon the gastrostomy tube for nutrition, with end-stage renal disease, on hemodialysis, noted to have occult GI bleed in the setting of anticoagulation with Eliquis. Patient has multiple risk factors for developing underlying gastrointestinal bleed including use of Eliquis and and platelet dysfunction associated with uremia. I discussed extensively plan of care with patient's family including patient son over the phone. Considering patient's multiple, considering patient advanced age, multiple comorbidity, and the fact that hemoglobin has been relatively stable throughout the hospital course with no evidence of overt bleeding, recommend conservative management including starting patient on Protonix b.i.d. and monitoring hemoglobin closely. Alternative will be to do an upper endoscopy to rule out peptic ulcer disease and/or malignancy [skip] try to obtain result of recent endoscopy that was done apparently at UCLA at the point of gastrostomy tube placement about three, four months ago {period} Again, his hemoglobin is relatively stable with a small drop, I think it’s reasonable to continue with Eliquis for now. In case of development of overt bleeding or worsening anemia, we will rediscuss the issue of possible endoscopy or perhaps just stopping Eliquis {period} Regarding history of respiratory insufficiency, it has greatly improved after being treated with antibiotics. Continue with bronchodilators as needed per Nephrology recommendations. Regarding history of AFib, this appears to be well, rate appears to be fairly well controlled at this point on digoxin. Thank you for this consultation. Follow patient with you. End of dictation.
