
The patient is a pleasant 82-year-old African American female who is recently admitted from Hospital Name to Hospital Name for long-term care. She is known to have history of acute renal failure, dementia Alzheimer's type, history of hypercalcemia, history of hypertension. She was recently hospitalized with admission of altered mental status to the Hospital Name. There she was noted to be anemic and to have hypercalcemia and volume and make that an acute renal failure due to volume depletion. Past medical history is significant for hypertension, dementia. Surgical history includes breast surgery. Colostomy. Craniotomy to remove brain tumor. Hysterectomy. Family history is pertinent for colon cancer. Social history the patient does not use alcohol or tobacco. Allergies none known. Medication list notable for acetaminophen. Amlodipine. Aricept. Artificial tears. Omeprazole. MiraLax. Flomax and tramadol. Review of systems dementia limits that she does appear comfortable. She denies any new complaints. She denies any chest pain, cough, or sputum production. Review of systems otherwise negative. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure 134/78, pulse 75, respirations 20. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is soft, nondistended, nontender with positive bowel sounds times four. Extremities no edema or clubbing or cyanosis of the extremities noted. Skin no rashes noted. Recent laboratory reviewed from street address. She was mildly anemic. Calcium level was within normal limits. Creatinine within normal limits. Assessment number one history of acute renal failure secondary to dehydration. Hypercalcemia secondary to same. Next number dementia. Next number history of hypertension. Next number history of hypernatremia. Next number gait instability. Next number GERD. Plan long-term care. Baseline lab to be done here. Continue present care for now. Recent hemoglobin was noted to be 10.8 at Hospital Name. We will need to continue to monitor CBC in this regard. Physician ending this dictation.



