The patient is a pleasant 79-year-old Caucasian female known to me from previous hospitalization. She has been recently admitted to Hospital Name with altered mental status and history of CVA. She was admitted to the hospital and diagnosed with cystitis and later sepsis and possibly diverticulitis. She has seen improvement to her overall general medical status and is now seen readmission to Rehab Center where she will undergo therapy. She is on oral antibiotics in the way of cefuroxime at this time. She appears awake and alert. She denies any new skin lesions. The patient is to be {skip} to participate in therapy while here she is on a weaning dose of steroid which was initiated at the hospital. Strike this she was on a weaning dose of steroid was initiated at the hospital and just leave she does remain on steroids. Past medical history significant for CVA with left-sided hemiparesis, history of COPD, history of dysphasia,  history of pneumonia, history of atrial fibrillation, not on chronic anticoagulation, history of diabetes mellitus, history of bullous pemphigoid, history of urinary tract infection, recurrent, history of GERD, osteoarthritis, cataracts, depression, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, chronic lymphedema, history of pneumothorax, spontaneous in nature. Surgical history includes lymph node dissection. Breast lumpectomy, lumbar spinal fusion, chest tube insertion, thoracoscopy and shoulder arthroplasty. Under past medical history please add breast cancer. Social history patient is a former smoker. She is a chronic nursing home resident. She did does not abuse alcohol. Family history pertinent for heart disease in her mother. Medication list or allergies should be no known drug allergies. Medication list pertinent for Advair inhaler, albuterol nebulized, aspirin, atorvastatin, Benadryl, Tessalon Perles, Cardizem, cefuroxime, celebrex, clobetasol cream, Flonase nasal spray, fluoxetine, gabapentin, hydrochlorothiazide, hydroxyzine p.r.n. KCl, Lasix, losartan, Maalox, milk of magnesia, mirtazapine, Mucinex, nystatin, omeprazole, artificial tears, prednisone, Proventil inhalers, {skip} over-the-counter patch, Singulair, Tylenol, vitamin A and D ointment, vitamin B12 1000 mcg daily, vitamin D3 orally daily, and Zofran. Review of systems the patient denies any chills or sweats. She has edema on the left which is chronic. She denies any chest pain. She denies cough or sputum production. She does not appear confused. Review of systems otherwise negative. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure is 155/67, pulse 83, respirations 19, and temperature 97.4 degrees. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Make that heart irregularly irregular. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is obese, soft, nondistended, and nontender. Extremities trace edema noted pretibially. Skin make that trace edema make noted pretibially bilaterally. There is 1+ edema of the left upper extremity. Skin no rashes noted. Laboratory none new from Rehab Center, that from Hospital Name reviewed. Assessment number one sepsis related to urinary tract infection. Next number urinary tract urinary tract infection. Next number history of acute renal failure. This was noted in the hospital. At admission creatinine was 3. Next number chronic kidney disease. Please add this to past medical history. Next number history of CVA. Next number left sided hemiparesis. Next number history of dysphagia. Next number obesity. Next number history of breast cancer. Next number history of anemia, noted at previous facility. Next number diverticulitis. Plan we will need baseline lab here. Continue to monitor creatinine over time. It is noted to be elevated at baseline. The patient remains on prednisone. We will need to this is also noted to have been related to COPD which was felt to have exacerbation at the hospital. We will need weaning overtime. She may intermittently need prednisone for treatment of bullous pemphigoid. Physician ending this dictation.
