The physician dictating on the patient date is Month DD, YYYY medical record XXX-XXX-XXX. History is as follows patient is a is a 64-year-old African American male who is well known to our service from an inpatient stay at HealthSouth City View from Month DD, YYYY until Month DD, YYYY. Patient was originally admitted to Texas South Harris Methodist Hospital in XXXXX following a basketball injury right hip I’m sorry he injured his knees playing basketball with his daughter and was admitted to Texas South Harris Methodist Hospital in XXXXX and underwent bilateral patellar tendon rupture repair by the physician. He was admitted to HealthSouth City View for comprehensive inpatient rehabilitation on Month DD, YYYY. During his rehab hospitalization, he underwent physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living. He originally was discharged from Texas South Harris Methodist Hospital on Month DD and admitted to City View Care Center, but left against medical advice and presented back to the emergency department. He has now he was he has now been stabilized and is being admitted to Mira Vista Court for subacute rehabilitation. Oh state that add into the during his rehab hospitalization, the patient was followed by the physician from the Pulmonary Critical Care Services and the physician from the Internal Medicine Service. Patient was seen by the physician from the Urology Service secondary to bilateral testicular hydroceles. Workup included a CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis which revealed an adrenal mass. Workup is in progress. The physician will be following with us at Mira Vista Court. Past medical history is significant for lumbar stenosis with chronic low back pain. Past surgical history appendectomy and lumbar discectomy with interbody fusion. Allergies Morphine. Medications on admission; Norco as needed for pain, Flexeril as needed for muscle spasm, Norco as needed for pain and Xanax as needed for anxiety. The Xarelto 10 mg q. p.m. and Xanax as needed for anxiety. Review of systems he complains of bilateral knee pain and testicular pain. He denies any nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, wheezing, shortness of breath, cough, chest pain, abdominal pain, neck pain, headaches or dizziness, fever, or chills. He denies any dysuria. The remainder of the 14-point review of system is essentially negative. Family history father is alive at age 70 and healthy. Mother is alive in her late 60s and healthy. No diabetes, heart disease or cancer in the immediate family. Social history he lives in XXXXX. His two daughters live with him in a single-level home. There is one step to enter and two steps to get up to the bathroom. He does not have a family physician. On exam, well developed male in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure is blood pressure is 140/83, temperature 97.3, heart rate 89. HEENT extraocular motions intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Neck supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi or crepitus. No wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs or extra sounds. Abdomen protuberant, soft, nontender. No organomegaly. Extremities with trace edema. Knee incisions are well opposed without erythema or any drainage. Spine without paraspinal tenderness. Neurologic moves all extremities without focal weakness. Labs WBC 6.1, hemoglobin 13.1, hematocrit 39.9. Sodium 138, potassium 3.9, chloride 99, CO2 25, glucose 88, BUN 15, creatinine 1.0. Functional status feeding, grooming, bathing, dressing, and toileting are modified to independent transfer supervision. The patient is nonambulatory. Assessment number one assessment number one bilateral patellar tendon rupture, status post bilateral tendon bilateral patellar tendon surgical repair. Number two chronic kidney disease stage two, creatinine 1.0. We will avoid nephrotoxic agents. Number three morbid obesity, BMI is 37 kg/m2, benefits of weight loss discussed with the patient. Dietician will follow with us. Number four DVT prophylaxis managed with Xarelto. Number five testicular hydrocele followed by the patient from the Urology Service. Number six adrenal mass noted on pelvic scan. Workup is in progress. Abdominal MRI is pending. Plan I felt that the patient would benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living the physician thank you very much.
