The patient has recently been admitted to Hospital Name where she was admitted with left wrist fracture and COPD with exacerbation. The patient is a 99-year-old Caucasian female who had a recent hospitalization for pneumonia and COPD exacerbation. She has also had multiple recent falls, which included a right wrist, status post splinting. The patient has been nonweightbearing and has been not able to use the wrist and has continued to be in a splint. She completed her stay at Hospital Name and has now been sent to Hospital Name for continued therapy. Past medical history significant for hypertension, osteoarthritis, COPD, DJD, GERD, depression, cardiac arrhythmia, pneumonia, bowel obstruction, and chronic back pain. Surgical history includes kyphoplasty, lumpectomy, and hysterectomy. Social history the patient does not smoke or drink. She lives with her husband in a home. Family history is pertinent for hypertension and osteoarthritis. Allergies to sulfa and statin medications. Medication list notable for aspirin, Colace, Coreg, I am sorry that should be aspirin, Dulcolax, Coreg, triamterene/hydrochlorothiazide, Floranex, DuoNeb updrafts, milk of magnesia, amlodipine, Paxil, Pepcid, Perforomist, prednisone, Restoril, Synthroid, Tessalon Perles, Tylenol, Xanax, Zofran. Under past medical history please add hypothyroidism. Review of systems the patient denies chest pain. She denies cough. She denies sputum production. She denies chills or sweats. Review of systems otherwise negative. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure 108/79, pulse 83, respirations 15. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen soft, nondistended, and nontender with positive bowel sounds x4. Extremities no edema or clubbing or cyanosis of the extremities are noted. Skin no rash noted. Laboratory is pending. Assessment number one COPD with exacerbation. Next number wrist fracture. Next number history of recent pneumonia, requiring acute care hospitalization. Next number depression. Next number hypothyroidism. Next number GERD. Next number history of deep vein thrombosis. Plan wean prednisone over time. Continue Synthroid at present dose. Continue oxygen as needed. Continue therapy. Await baseline laboratory.
