The patient is a very pleasant 45-year-old African American female with aphasia, who suffered a recent stroke. She has been transferred to Hospital Name for long-term nursing home care after having a stroke three times within the last year. She is known to have severe diffuse atherosclerosis involving her cerebral artery. She has been seen by Neurology and Neurosurgery and there has been no recommendation of vascular intervention.  She is on aspirin at full dose and blood pressure mediations have been adjusted for malignant hypertension. She is known to have diabetes mellitus, iron deficiency anemia and aphasia. History is helped by her mother who is present in the room. The patient has previously lived with her family members at home. Past medical history significant for CVA, hypertension, diabetes mellitus type 2. Social history, the patient is a nonsmoker. She is married, but husband is not living with the family. She lives with her children. Family history noncontributory to age and presentation. Allergies to Cymbalta. Medication lists notable for acetaminophen, amlodipine, aspirin, atorvastatin, doxazosin, vitamin D2, Nexium, hydralazine, Imdur, Levemir, metoprolol, NovoLog FlexPen, thiamine,  and Venlafaxine. Under past medical history please add hyperlipidemia and depression. Review of systems unobtainable secondary to aphasia. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure 152/85, pulse 67, respirations 18. She is afebrile. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is soft, nondistended, and nontender with positive bowel sounds x4. Extremities no edema or clubbing or cyanosis of the extremities is noted. Skin no rashes noted. Assessment number one recurrent CVA with diffuse atherosclerotic disease of cerebral vessels. Next number malignant hypertension. Next number hyperlipidemia, on statin therapy. Next number aphasia. Next number right-sided hemiparesis. Under physical exam please change neuro to state right-sided hemiparesis or add such. Plan we will need blood pressure control. Continue lipid-lowering therapy. Monitor lab work over time. Continue long-term care..
